
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106798                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106797699030                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631625292567                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 313225                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394777                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1906110                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56029.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17549723635                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22119010355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3926272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2630784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1532672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1492736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2635392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4329472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1916800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4322560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3837696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3877760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4278272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4236416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3922176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2681600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1927168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2689280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             50315520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11679360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11679360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        30674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        33824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        33770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        30295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        33424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        33097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        21010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                393090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           91245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                91245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     36763639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24633340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14351171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13977230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24676487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     40539001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        49140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17947952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     40474280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35934257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36309397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     40059590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39667671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36725286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25109155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     18045033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     25181067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               471129251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        49140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47941                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             734697                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109359659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109359659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109359659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     36763639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24633340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14351171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13977230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24676487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     40539001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        49140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17947952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     40474280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35934257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36309397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        52735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     40059590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39667671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36725286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25109155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     18045033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     25181067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              580488911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20727042                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16950963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8641889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8184351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201282046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117607862                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20727042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10318166                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24652280                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5874519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3558552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12376120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2041367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233297537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208645257     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1337650      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2114003      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3365132      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1389904      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1557338      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1658417      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1084363      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12145473      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233297537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199418931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5435978                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24575721                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3804190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143626713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3048                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3804190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199726772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1744114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2800694                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24336372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       885390                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143544638                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        27421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       333201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44932                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199298046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667749486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667749486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29056204                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36538                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2658211                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13682226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7350246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669913                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143345249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36629                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135721981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18115394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40202772                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3424                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233297537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176069549     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22968103      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12566061      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8559818      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8004495      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301859      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798079      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610031      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419542      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233297537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31611     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97639     38.64%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123437     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113699529     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2143955      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12546741      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7315295      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135721981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.529937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252687                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505161500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161498776                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133536442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135974668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409544                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2445828                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          387                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207229                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8474                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3804190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1161471                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143382023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13682226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7350246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20046                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1539                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153467                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2338831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133787484                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11799744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1934496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19113303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18824538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7313559                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522384                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133537488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133536442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78076437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       203976120                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20807657                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2068359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229493347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179730024     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24100535     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9383858      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053505      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3785323      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113837      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304600      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165567      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856098      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229493347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379415                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2856098                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370018826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290568917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3248655                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22812054                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.561096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.561096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603334245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185110457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133957159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19415121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17336223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13002815                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12683216                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205259736                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            110242817                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19415121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13849506                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24589276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5069051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3125787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12417450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    236487467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      211898191     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3751254      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1892263      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3711822      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1189789      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3437871      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         541812      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         871616      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9192849      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    236487467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      202787291                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5645006                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24540919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3494484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1833111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    123321197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34287                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3494484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      203063192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3414149                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24285181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       846837                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    123144451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        95885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       677660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    161396665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    558093066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    558093066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130971770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30424885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16545                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8376                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1836080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22216829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3606719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       819517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        122511265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114758196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73989                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22032162                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45089693                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236487467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186127019     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15909923      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16826982      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9770046      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5034682      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260171      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494809      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34946      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28889      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236487467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192137     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78667     23.44%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64770     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89988154     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899545      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20286142     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576186      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114758196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448082                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466413422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144560326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111850571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    115093770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4516937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2321046                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122527962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22216829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2365                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1639560                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113305971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19995577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1452225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23571580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17227707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3576003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.442412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111876301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111850571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67684412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       147373257                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.436729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89123414                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    100338145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22194917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1538013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232992983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195634508     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14679601      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9428973      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2967138      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4926304      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960758      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608899      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557632      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3229170      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232992983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     89123414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    100338145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21224252                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17699888                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15394973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87686889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1254596                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3229170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          352296537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         248563380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4564835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19622124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          89123414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           100338145                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     89123414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.873651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.873651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.347989                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.347989                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      526676163                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145739037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130984964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23188028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19305363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2104392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8830302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8476519                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2495616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201741110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            127224429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23188028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10972135                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            26516182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5854538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6937502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12524968                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011554                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    238925796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      212409614     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1627653      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2044392      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3264822      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1372126      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1758248      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2050458      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         938724      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13459759      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    238925796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      200552523                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8240322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26389973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12522                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3730455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3530444                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          548                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    155501363                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3730455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      200756049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        652638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7019601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26199038                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       568007                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    154542159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        82060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       396355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    215849018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    718670515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    718670515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    180715075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       35133908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37542                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1997108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14458819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7570136                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1714242                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        150886239                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       144800380                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145560                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18216727                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37052866                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1526                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238925796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177574421     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27977830     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11443055      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6411269      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8687142      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2676478      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2629200      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414733      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111668      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238925796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998143     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134877     10.69%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129111     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121984712     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979456      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17922      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13271303      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7546987      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    144800380                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008716                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529934240                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169141343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141037276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    146062511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2713287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          705                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106388                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           98                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3730455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        497185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150923920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14458819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7570136                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19620                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54819                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          705                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1181926                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2427692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142284686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13055400                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2515687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20601667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       20122359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7546267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            141037727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           141037276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        84496588                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       226974591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105135702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    129551669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21372828                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36149                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2122437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235195341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180367814     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27784328     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10087050      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5029360      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4595854      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1931665      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910113      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910514      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578643      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235195341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    105135702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    129551669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19209277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11745529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18778234                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       116638668                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2675219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2578643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          383540467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         305579490                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3055363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17183795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         105135702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           129551669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    105135702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.435991                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.435991                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      640227906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     197073825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     143833040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        36118                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23188803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19307624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2106866                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8885376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8482416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2495202                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201773171                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            127223317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23188803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10977618                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26517141                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5859231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6937442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12528952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2014022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    238960982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      212443841     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1626177      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2045233      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3265448      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1375028      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1759638      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2051624      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         938394      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13455599      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    238960982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496753                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      200586386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8238500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26390950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3732698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3528961                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          530                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    155493881                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2251                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3732698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200789578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        650202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      7022280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26200463                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       565753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    154535147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        81559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       394776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    215847027                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    718634532                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    718634532                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    180689760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       35157267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37576                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19656                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1989007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14455561                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7567167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84815                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1715087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        150870149                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       144788908                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18224383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37021795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1567                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238960982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177609558     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27986721     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437241      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408497      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8687564      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2674222      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2630886      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414812      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111481      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238960982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997477     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134583     10.67%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129074     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121981006     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979161      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17920      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13266779      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7544042      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    144788908                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529943978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169132958                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141022723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    146050042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2711667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          716                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           52                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        495278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150907866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14455561                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7567167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19656                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          716                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1249331                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1181775                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2431106                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142267229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13050164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2521679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20593615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20120920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7543451                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            141023119                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           141022723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        84488126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       226953004                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550634                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105121007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129533566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21374888                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36146                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2124934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235228284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180404643     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27784448     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10087657      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026476      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4595392      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1931027      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910660      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910135      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577846      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235228284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105121007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129533566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19206611                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11743894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18032                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18775605                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116622393                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2674853                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2577846                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          383558164                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         305549628                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3058269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17148609                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105121007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129533566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105121007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.436331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.436331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410453                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410453                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      640151313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     197061188                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     143827147                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        36116                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19411479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17332619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547832                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13004361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12678488                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166329                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205240036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            110235085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19411479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13844817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24584311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5070386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3122428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           53                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12415997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    236460703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      211876392     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3748604      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1891158      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3710085      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1189318      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3436709      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         540820      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         873654      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9193963      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    236460703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      202791535                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5617731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24535934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3495691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1833110                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18174                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    123319800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        34335                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3495691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      203065011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3391028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1385805                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24282018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       841146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    123142426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        95779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       672172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    161388680                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    558098912                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    558098912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    130951644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30437020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16540                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1828325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     22215307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3606514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23593                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       820060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        122507122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       114748397                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22045344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45132042                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236460703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186108726     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15904719      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16825631      7.12%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9764456      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5037972      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260689      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494753      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34859      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28898      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236460703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192204     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78684     23.44%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64808     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89981688     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899574      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20283277     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3575689      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    114748397                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448044                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335696                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466367264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144569359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111838277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    115084093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88737                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4520506                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2310214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122523820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22215307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40922                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2352                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1639849                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113292782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19989905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1455615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           23565409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17223445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3575504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.442361                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            111863921                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           111838277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        67677653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       147394578                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.436681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.459160                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89106361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    100321092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22207778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1538110                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232965012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195612093     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14677127      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9428060      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2966976      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4924934      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960911      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609259      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558144      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227508      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232965012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     89106361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    100321092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21219150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            17694798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15392135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        87672660                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1254589                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3227508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          352266036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         248556214                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4564689                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19648888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          89106361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           100321092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     89106361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.874201                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.874201                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.347923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.347923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      526612895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     145724393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     130971934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19911379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17967509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7516505                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7122649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46106                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211035396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            125236237                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19911379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8223318                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24770873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3272359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5141673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12112140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    243152192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      218381319     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         887291      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1809144      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         760482      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4119951      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3665120      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         707441      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1482645      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11338799      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    243152192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      209849748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6340417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24679794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        78491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2203739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1747041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    146855501                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2781                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2203739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      210060791                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       4597691                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1081310                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24562567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       646091                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    146776439                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       279436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       233171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3592                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    172300950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    691349112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    691349112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    152947399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       19353540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9028                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1632334                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     34645843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     17524150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       851190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        146495336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       140885947                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11239949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26930507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          515                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243152192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193114833     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14965264      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12300729      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5314944      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6744196      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6533449      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3703864      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292124      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182789      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243152192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357139     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2781083     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80513      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88368590     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230641      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8437      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33792510     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17485769     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    140885947                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550100                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3218735                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528216473                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157756364                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139685114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    144104682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254436                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1328799                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          563                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2203739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       4223975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146512934                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34645843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17524150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9031                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127526                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1222342                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139902420                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33678284                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           51162674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18330945                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         17484390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            139689567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           139685114                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75445523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       148636830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113526123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    133411547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13115950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1065037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240948453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192591643     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17632061      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8276493      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8186367      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2226865      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9525274      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712913      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518605      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1278232      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240948453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    113526123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    133411547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             50737337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            33317044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8490                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17617688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       118634772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1292158                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1278232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          386197380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         295258970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4627268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              12957399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         113526123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           133411547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    113526123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.255953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.255953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443272                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443272                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      691665662                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     162188335                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     174896962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21073761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17243222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2063893                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8881775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8308414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2180252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203192494                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            117778421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21073761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10488666                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24604085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5611895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4891748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12430314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2065398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    236209533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      211605448     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1153197      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1826240      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2470174      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2540686      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2148226      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1199628      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1785472      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11480462      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    236209533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      201127244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6974256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24560460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        26739                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3520831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3468371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    144551684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3520831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      201678725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1444616                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4269164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24042844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1253350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    144499371                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       171211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       546590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    201650669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    672196741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    672196741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    175081742                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       26568922                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36252                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3750153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13539806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7333131                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1776527                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        144325178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       137183839                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15763132                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37569998                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1670                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236209533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178099609     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23939384     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12120503      5.13%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9100563      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7152219      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2894003      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1825829      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       951489      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125934      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236209533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25613     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83493     36.60%     47.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       119028     52.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115380515     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2042576      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17209      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12434367      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309172      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    137183839                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.535645                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510824159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160125260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135115730                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    137411973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277370                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2165922                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          149                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          570                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3520831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1159679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144361700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13539806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7333131                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19042                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          570                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1203858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2358887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135280131                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11699551                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1903708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           19008442                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19231307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7308891                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.528212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            135115984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           135115730                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        77566903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       208993373                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102060952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    125584752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18776964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34712                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2089929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232688702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181146427     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25558229     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9645064      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4595738      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3894492      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2224321      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933611      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878618      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2812202      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232688702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    102060952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    125584752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18609626                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11373881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18109357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       113150510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2586064                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2812202                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          374237514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         292244327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3080250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19900058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         102060952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           125584752                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    102060952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.509379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.509379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      608881284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     188226345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     133993996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        34680                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19912085                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17967966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7505590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7123675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211030625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            125250312                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19912085                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8223653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24774915                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3275909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5135123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12111732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    243149068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      218374153     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         889513      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1805504      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         759790      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4124913      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3664583      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         708092      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1480251      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11342269      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    243149068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      209848500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6330303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24684480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        77885                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2207897                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1747665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    146881367                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2207897                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      210057392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4587452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1085085                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24569115                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       642124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    146805251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       278401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       231929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3297                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    172331273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    691485324                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    691485324                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    152940380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       19390870                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        17047                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1620455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     34648806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     17524578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       848134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        146519912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17099                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       140884099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11273426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27064223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243149068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193114369     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14961095      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12300901      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5318033      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6741951      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6535812      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3701328      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292361      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       183218      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243149068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356948     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2781395     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80468      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88367368     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230943      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8436      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33790800     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17486552     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    140884099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3218811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528209836                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157813977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139683446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    144102910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252951                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1332604                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          562                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12473                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2207897                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4216544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146537100                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34648806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17524578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127338                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3550                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616078                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1221924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139900120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33675827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           51161034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18329784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         17485207                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139687849                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139683446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        75437575                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       148623706                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545405                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507574                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113521439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    133406106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13145413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1064437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240941171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192586103     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17631167      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8276861      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8185333      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227283      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9524966      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713147      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518114      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1278197      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240941171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    113521439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    133406106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             50736000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            33316193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17616942                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       118629943                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1292098                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1278197                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          386214155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         295311211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4626879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12960523                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         113521439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           133406106                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    113521439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.256046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.256046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      691646489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     162182029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     174910024                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20759008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16976400                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8524304                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8179141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201389254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117849475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20759008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10314611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24683628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5882262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3544009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12381213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    233433139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208749511     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1334912      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2107918      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3368273      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1392165      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1553458      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1665018      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1089257      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12172627      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    233433139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199522895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5424895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24606637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        62933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3815776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3404607                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143900960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3070                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3815776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199828235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1745498                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2786127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24370209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       887289                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143823441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        25794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       248610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       335439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42112                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    199689514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    669062531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    669062531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    170460436                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29229078                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2667103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13690055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7364340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677580                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143632198                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36447                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       135926969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166786                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18241185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40618367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3203                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233433139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176137578     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22984007      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12575083      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8573607      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8025523      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2305025      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1801957      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609856      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420503      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233433139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31645     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97878     38.69%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123480     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113869125     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2151575      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16482      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12559720      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7330067      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    135926969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253003                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505706866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161911330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133747128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136179972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2439275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212209                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8474                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3815776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1160463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143668781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        22777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13690055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7364340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154985                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2336085                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133996910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11812834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1930059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19141196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18850474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7328362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133748190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133747128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        78196901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204311726                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382733                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100128265                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    122731833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20937172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2064516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229617363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179795111     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24130175     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9392255      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5060487      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3788345      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115452      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1306208      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166841      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2862489      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229617363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100128265                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    122731833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18402911                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11250780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17617789                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110590421                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2493277                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2862489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          370423203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         291154010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3248436                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22676452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100128265                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           122731833                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100128265                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390959                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390959                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      604260616                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     185395716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     134224694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20743646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16964013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8625109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8187211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201382103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117704991                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20743646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10322106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24667216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5876194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3550287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12381724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040528                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    233406849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208739633     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1336484      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2110771      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3366114      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1391924      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1561229      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1657633      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1086744      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12156317      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    233406849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199520946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5425867                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24590698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        62562                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3806773                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3401728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143747499                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3027                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3806773                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199824893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1744822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2792608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24355283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       882465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143668541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        27976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       246398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       332136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44493                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199466015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    668330118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    668330118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170369251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29096736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20032                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2649659                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13692032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7357837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221523                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143476889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36609                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135836167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18150671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40303783                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3380                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233406849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176139129     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22978590      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12574214      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8564227      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8016095      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2306025      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798247      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610095      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420227      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233406849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31643     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98296     38.79%     51.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123448     48.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113794789     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2146585      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16473      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12555788      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7322532      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135836167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253387                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505499469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161665671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133650690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    136089554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2447251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          352                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8465                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3806773                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1158318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121334                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143513636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        31742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13692032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7357837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89071                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153951                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2338321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133900729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11806618                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19127433                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18839455                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7320815                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522826                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133651719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133650690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78138467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204159628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100074790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122666258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20847579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33229                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2067449                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229600076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179801731     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24116115     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9393311      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053515      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3789929      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114776      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1305528      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165156      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860015      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229600076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100074790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122666258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18393121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11244781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17608334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110531364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2491942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2860015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          370253222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290834688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3249685                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              22702742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100074790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122666258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100074790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559182                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559182                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390750                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390750                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      603837069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     185266498                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     134067510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19914635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17970703                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1044095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7430121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7118711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46158                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211103942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            125272099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19914635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8218516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24771006                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3281313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5133160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12117428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1049303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    243219348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      218448342     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         883352      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1805969      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         760165      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4118508      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3665611      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         708120      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1488825      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11340456      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    243219348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209913862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6336154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24680144                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        78455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2210730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1747476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    146902795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2210730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      210127711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4583772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1084089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24560359                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       652684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    146827016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       279119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       236622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3541                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172375597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    691579935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    691579935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    152940702                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19434883                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1648973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34651475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17525245                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       853933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146545487                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17093                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       140911038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74421                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11288659                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27068419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243219348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193173168     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14967534      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12300183      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5321311      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6744922      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6530945      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3706854      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291780      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182651      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243219348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356816     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2782349     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80488      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88392132     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231313      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8436      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33791958     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17487199     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    140911038                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550198                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3219653                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528335498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157854818                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139702162                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    144130691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253438                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1335136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          554                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3586                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105368                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12471                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2210730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4212096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       187088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146562674                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34651475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17525245                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8605                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3586                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607120                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618356                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1225476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139919784                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33676811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       991254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51162621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18331991                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17485810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546328                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139706600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139702162                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75455708                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       148681761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545478                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507498                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113521746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133406454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13170751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1066978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241008618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192652979     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17634118      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8276978      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8181692      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227858      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9523319      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       714648      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518819      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1278207      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241008618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113521746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133406454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50736209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33316332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17616984                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118630249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1292098                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1278207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          386307278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         295365378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4629649                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12890243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113521746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133406454                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113521746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.256040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.256040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      691721095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     162226244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     174932471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19913395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17969796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1046045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7675911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7125299                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100461                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46130                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211137096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125252769                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19913395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8225760                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24773844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3283830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5103609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12120902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1051105                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    243226245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      218452401     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         885228      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1808437      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         761519      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4118997      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3665320      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         713833      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1483761      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11336749      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    243226245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209946447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6307447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24683116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78046                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2211186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1746917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146882454                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2803                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2211186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      210159787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4557801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1080884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24563052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       653532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146805026                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       278825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       236345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5301                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    172363368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    691468970                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    691468970                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152917354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19445994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17035                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8598                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1649764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34646303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17521910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       852628                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146517396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17087                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140887555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11275676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27017944                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243226245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193174853     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14979552      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12304785      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5317694      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6740478      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6528449      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3705021      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292236      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       183177      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243226245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356170     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2780722     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80567      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88379179     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230230      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8436      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33786496     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17483214     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140887555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550107                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3217459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528292414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157813742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139684790                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    144105014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1336736                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          570                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3595                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105469                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12478                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2211186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4185935                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186577                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146534574                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34646303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17521910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8599                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127137                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3595                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       611063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1226616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139901619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33671667                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       985935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51153380                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18329407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17481713                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546257                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139689236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139684790                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75437894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148627564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545410                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507563                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113502768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133384422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13164353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1069049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241015059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192662266     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17633122      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8278851      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8182586      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2227279      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9521738      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713462      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518778      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1276977      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241015059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113502768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133384422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50726008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33309567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17614155                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118610743                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1291960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1276977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          386286519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         295308962                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4632246                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12883346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113502768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133384422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113502768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.256417                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.256417                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      691646350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     162209249                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174904860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20740745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16961882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023721                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8512013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8173729                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89823                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201277115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117755079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20740745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10307946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24663522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5887164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3542674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12376975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    233302497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208638975     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1332462      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2104560      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3366200      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1392294      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1551762      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1664814      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1090442      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12160988      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    233302497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080984                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199414063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5420160                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24587019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        62539                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3818713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3401139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143792175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3077                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3818713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199717642                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1741930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2785326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24352198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       886683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143716431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        26108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       247477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       334477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44230                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    199536506                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    668565850                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    668565850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170290426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29246063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2659678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13683716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7357357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143530742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36451                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135819578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167175                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18263833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40656191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3239                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233302497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176053922     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22966896      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12560303      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8567260      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8021272      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303163      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1798998      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610059      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420624      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233302497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31638     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97636     38.64%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123394     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113781802     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149619      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16465      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12549128      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7322564      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135819578                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530318                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505361493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161832530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133639216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136072246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409661                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2444142                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          327                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1543                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8474                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3818713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1160851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120926                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143567331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13683716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7357357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1543                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2338487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133888970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11801129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1930605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19121973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18832433                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7320844                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133640249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133639216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        78133976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204162750                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100028469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122609510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20957999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2066470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229483784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179711343     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24104875     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9382752      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5056680      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784253      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114706      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304637      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165577      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858961      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229483784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100028469                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122609510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18384587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11239571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17600197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110480245                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2490800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2858961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          370191656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290953960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3249285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22807094                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100028469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122609510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100028469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.560367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.560367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390569                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390569                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      603772034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     185250219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     134113601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20803080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17061681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2037195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8597648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8135507                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134073                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91411                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198606077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            118246791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20803080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10269580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26017637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5776811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6602793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12234304                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2022146                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234934556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208916919     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2816423      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3265993      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1792085      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2079185      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1134466      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         770356      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2013334      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12145795      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234934556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      197009689                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8229851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25810934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       195016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3689064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3374834                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    144364474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        94023                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3689064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      197314341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2881217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4485407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25714365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       850160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    144277026                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       223580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       395788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    200514592                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    671810714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    671810714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171281113                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29233459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2276294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13771562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7503707                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198499                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        144061503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       136151853                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186360                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17977921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41587070                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234934556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177563168     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23075650      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12398167      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8583222      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7502477      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3846093      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       919043      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598316      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448420      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234934556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35796     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127525     43.15%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132242     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113970143     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130826      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16680      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12584679      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7449525      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    136151853                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507720181                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162078441                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133903061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    136447416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2422398                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          881                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8341                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3689064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2378895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147993                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144099350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13771562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7503707                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104532                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2325852                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134151129                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11819218                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2000720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19266900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18771869                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7447682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            133905105                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           133903061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        79599899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       208488343                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522835                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100580641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    123400274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20700295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33641                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2048959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231245492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180839934     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23377064     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9793166      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5881740      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4077878      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2630604      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1367336      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1099050      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2178720      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231245492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100580641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    123400274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18692231                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11349164                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16784                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17660666                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       111250350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2510599                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2178720                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          373166665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         291890295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3043639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              21175035                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100580641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           123400274                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100580641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.546311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.546311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      605149043                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     185856686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     134719565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21072730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17242722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2064209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8867157                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8307612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2179885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94116                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203180931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117775630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21072730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10487497                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24603162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5612477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4881000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12430124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2065778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    236186567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      211583405     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1152532      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1826779      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2470340      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2540628      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2147178      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1198880      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1785633      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11481192      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    236186567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      201116999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6962301                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24559275                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        26890                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3521099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3467725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    144548955                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1958                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3521099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      201668845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1439394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4261519                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24041441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1254266                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    144496278                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       171195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       546861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    201644435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    672179343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    672179343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    175077889                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26566546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3753840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13540545                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7332548                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671656                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        144324013                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137181598                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15764621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37574010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236186567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178162847     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23836455     10.09%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12089236      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9130410      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7169892      3.04%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2893582      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1826983      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       951231      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125931      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236186567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25662     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83540     36.60%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       119026     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115379082     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2042144      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17208      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12434406      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7308758      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137181598                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.535636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228228                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510796840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160125611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135113673                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    137409826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277502                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2166919                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          569                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96983                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3521099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1153910                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144360567                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13540545                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7332548                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19075                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          569                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1204824                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2359922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135278080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11699438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1903518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19007909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19230834                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7308471                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528204                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            135113907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           135113673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77562883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       208991619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527562                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102058625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    125581955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18778633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34709                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2090247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232665468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181195719     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25488035     10.95%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9650835      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4595367      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3852781      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2222453      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1960669      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878126      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2821483      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232665468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    102058625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    125581955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18609191                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11373626                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18108982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       113147952                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2586005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2821483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          374203871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         292242332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3080182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19923024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         102058625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           125581955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    102058625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.509436                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.509436                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      608872099                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     188220808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133990676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34678                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              256109591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20807938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17060208                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2034006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8627373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91582                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198574369                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            118284168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20807938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10275614                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26016255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5770439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6627743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12230694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018816                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    234923160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208906905     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2817977      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3251758      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1793480      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2081758      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1135220      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         773660      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2020702      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12141700      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    234923160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      196980724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8251706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25810569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       194394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3685765                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3380957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        19022                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    144394030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        94225                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3685765                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      197284139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2899512                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4492517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25714527                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       846698                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    144307398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       222829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       394040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    200535176                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    671951949                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    671951949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171312964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29222167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37803                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21079                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2264729                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13767068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7510527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1668557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        144097771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37892                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       136192986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188852                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17983223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41564568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4243                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234923160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177541023     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23076868      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12397216      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8587810      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7505270      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3849115      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       918094      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       599075      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448689      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234923160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36318     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125824     42.74%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132286     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113996624     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2131755      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16683      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12591206      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7456718      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    136192986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531776                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294428                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507792410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162120190                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133948005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    136487414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344210                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2415788                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          866                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8344                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3685765                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2399729                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147557                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144135790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13767068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7510527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21087                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104488                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2321439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134199002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11825462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19280401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18778069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7454939                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523991                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133950171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133948005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        79611736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       208521380                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523010                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100599420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123423210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20713854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33649                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2045788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231237395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180823678     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23376443     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9794522      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5891469      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4074526      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2634149      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1363434      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1099529      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2179645      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231237395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100599420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123423210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18695724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11351277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17663915                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       111271044                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2511058                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2179645                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          373194138                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         291959998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3039659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              21186431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100599420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123423210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100599420                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.545836                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.545836                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      605372113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     185899009                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     134767218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         393249                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.910325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2089700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         426017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.905203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           178.521702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.693126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1884.515917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.262901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1498.029013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.443951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   946.361069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.558453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   924.653524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.237488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1497.719603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.555285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2410.971887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.500287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1148.132541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.848907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2390.894714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.181034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1879.204554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.530866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1858.814409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.872787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2405.208193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.533168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2391.187968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.436502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1881.808433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.578095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1606.876963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.767087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1152.804471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.301582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1596.285057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           342.044621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           294.134826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           222.474392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           252.765173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           293.535835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           328.695953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           272.505935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           342.481404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           383.762764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           384.589620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           351.038622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           387.071551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           336.626982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           312.408146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           261.882524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           302.600442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.005448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.057511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.045716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.028881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.028218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.045707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.073577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.072964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.057349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.056727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.073401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.072973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.057428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.049038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.035181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.048715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.008976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.006789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.007714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.008316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.007992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        24937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        26616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  608974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           178627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                178627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2013                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        26768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   610987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        26768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        48419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42975                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35715                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  610987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        33822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                393041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        33824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 393090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20553                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        33824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                393090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5796578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5014098017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5255041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3330814086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5346284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1956563788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5811742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1911340990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5063019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3339530796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6246283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5508017770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6335317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2441465832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5947272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5483663281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5734871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4907860040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4961748046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6536831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5419871606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5861459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5370191194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5833828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5013418799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5848728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3442367611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5964655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2449265422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5753916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3445483643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64088874745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       698911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       313322                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       504894                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       336139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3301453                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       500549                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       614087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       163405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       664031                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       727948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7824739                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5796578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5014796928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5255041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3331127408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5346284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1956563788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5811742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1911340990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5063019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3340035690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6246283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5508353909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6335317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2441465832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5947272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5486964734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5734871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4907860040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4962248595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6536831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5420485693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5861459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5370354599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5833828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5013418799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5848728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3443031642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5964655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2449265422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5753916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3446211591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      64096699484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5796578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5014796928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5255041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3331127408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5346284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1956563788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5811742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1911340990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5063019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3340035690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6246283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5508353909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6335317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2441465832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5947272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5486964734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5734871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4907860040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4962248595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6536831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5420485693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5861459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5370354599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5833828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5013418799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5848728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3443031642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5964655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2449265422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5753916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3446211591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     64096699484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        41591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1002015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       178627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            178627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        37124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        41743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1004077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        37124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        41743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1004077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.420869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.324402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.316035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.411017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.415477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.421103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.372066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.392251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.029197                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.269231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.420134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.322541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.410882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.414739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.391494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.420134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.322541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.410882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.414739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.391494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152541.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163485.426052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154560.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162075.523624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148507.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163401.017872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152940.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163894.785629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153424.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162223.394346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156157.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162853.106558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154519.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163036.115659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152494.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162483.726362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150917.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163693.550797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153631.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163797.307738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148564.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162174.494494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146536.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162261.034385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153521.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163612.649272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153913.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164344.868280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149116.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162677.033874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151418.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164031.594525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163059.005918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 174727.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       156661                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       168298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168069.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 157212.047619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166849.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 153521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       163405                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166007.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 145589.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159688.551020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152541.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163486.892091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154560.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162074.996740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148507.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163401.017872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152940.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163894.785629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153424.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162224.279470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156157.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162853.415001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154519.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163036.115659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152494.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162480.448149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150917.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163693.550797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153631.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163797.610002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148564.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162173.458982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146536.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162261.068949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153521.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163612.649272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153913.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164345.185776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149116.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162677.033874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151418.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164027.205664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163058.585779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152541.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163486.892091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154560.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162074.996740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148507.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163401.017872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152940.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163894.785629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153424.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162224.279470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156157.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162853.415001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154519.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163036.115659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152494.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162480.448149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150917.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163693.550797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153631.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163797.610002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148564.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162173.458982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146536.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162261.068949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153521.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163612.649272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153913.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164345.185776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149116.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162677.033874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151418.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164027.205664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163058.585779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                91245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     91245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        33822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           393041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        33824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            393090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        33824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        14975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           393090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3583820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3228337120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3277699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2133827143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3252788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1259364717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3602961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232349376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3145230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140457909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3921653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3539739843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3953365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1569540123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3678899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3519556724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3521341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3162153472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3629770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3198010169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3978543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3474993734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3533356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3444228194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3624936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3229232464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3639089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2222597436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3638798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1572674095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3543988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2222317055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41206905810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       466759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       197722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       329638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       219424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2079284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       325800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       380948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       105007                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       431224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       435898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4971704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3583820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3228803879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3277699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2134024865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3252788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1259364717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3602961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232349376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3145230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140787547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3921653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3539959267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3953365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1569540123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3678899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3521636008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3521341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3162153472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3629770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3198335969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3978543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3475374682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3533356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3444333201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3624936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3229232464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3639089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2223028660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3638798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1572674095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3543988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2222752953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41211877514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3583820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3228803879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3277699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2134024865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3252788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1259364717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3602961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232349376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3145230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2140787547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3921653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3539959267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3953365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1569540123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3678899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3521636008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3521341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3162153472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3629770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3198335969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3978543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3475374682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3533356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3444333201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3624936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3229232464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3639089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2223028660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3638798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1572674095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3543988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2222752953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41211877514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.420869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.324402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.316035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.360054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.411017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.415477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.421103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.372066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.029197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.269231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.420134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.322541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.410882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.414739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.391494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.420134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.322541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.314238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.369502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.358743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.410882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.410954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.414739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.369717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.371097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94311.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105260.421259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96402.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103830.818111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90355.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105174.938784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94814.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105672.215400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        95310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103976.387302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98041.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104657.910325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96423.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104810.692688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94330.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104286.252156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92666.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105468.396771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95520.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105572.764063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90421.431818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103979.465410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88333.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104067.808617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95393.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105385.825468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95765.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106110.829562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90969.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104454.974429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93262.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105799.431326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104841.239998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116689.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        98861                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109879.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       109712                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99013.523810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       108600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        95237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       105007                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       107806                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87179.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101463.346939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94311.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105261.911684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96402.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103830.334501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90355.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105174.938784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94814.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105672.215400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        95310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103977.247414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98041.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104658.209171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96423.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104810.692688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94330.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104282.973290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92666.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105468.396771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95520.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105573.063839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90421.431818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103978.419160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88333.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104067.836994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95393.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105385.825468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95765.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106111.153222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90969.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104454.974429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93262.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105795.000143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104840.818932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94311.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105261.911684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96402.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103830.334501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90355.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105174.938784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94814.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105672.215400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        95310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103977.247414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98041.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104658.209171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96423.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104810.692688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94330.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104282.973290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92666.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105468.396771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95520.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105573.063839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90421.431818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103978.419160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88333.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104067.836994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95393.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105385.825468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95765.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106111.153222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90969.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104454.974429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93262.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105795.000143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104840.818932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              528.005572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012384119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913769.601134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.005572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12376070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12376070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12376070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12376070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12376070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12376070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7965391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7965391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7965391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7965391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7965391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7965391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12376120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12376120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12376120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12376120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12376120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12376120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159307.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159307.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159307.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159307.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159307.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159307.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6432997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6432997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6432997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6432997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6432997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6432997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164948.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164948.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164948.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164948.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164948.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164948.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180704121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2466.411719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.197135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.802865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8581512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15690181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15690181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       186052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       186052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       186052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       186052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22971281421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22971281421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75611293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75611293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  23046892714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23046892714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  23046892714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23046892714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8766732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8766732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15876233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15876233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15876233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15876233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124021.603612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124021.603612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90878.957933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90878.957933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123873.394073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123873.394073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123873.394073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123873.394073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       113042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       113042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8185662411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8185662411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9726308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8195388719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8195388719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8195388719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8195388719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112327.781359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112327.781359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70994.948905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70994.948905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112250.222148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112250.222148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112250.222148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112250.222148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.806626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              926235950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1648106.672598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.670997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.135629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12417403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12417403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12417403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12417403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12417403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12417403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7167396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7167396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7167396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7167396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7167396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7167396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12417450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12417450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12417450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12417450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12417450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12417450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152497.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152497.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152497.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152497.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152497.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152497.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5738958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5738958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5738958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5738958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163970.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163970.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163970.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163970.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163970.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163970.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              223888183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3998.431671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.343001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.656999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.790402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.209598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18261933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18261933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3507345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21769278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21769278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21769278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21769278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       194335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       194711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       194711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       194711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       194711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22386218595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22386218595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34795461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34795461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22421014056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22421014056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22421014056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22421014056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18456268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18456268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3507721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21963989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21963989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21963989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21963989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115193.961947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115193.961947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92541.119681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92541.119681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115150.217789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115150.217789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115150.217789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115150.217789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       138673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       138973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       138973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5918011350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5918011350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5321602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5321602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5923332952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923332952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5923332952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923332952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106320.494233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106320.494233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70021.078947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70021.078947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106270.999175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106270.999175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106270.999175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106270.999175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              492.193124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1009887435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2048453.215010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.193124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12524915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12524915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12524915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12524915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12524915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12524915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8166350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8166350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8166350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8166350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8166350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8166350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12524968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12524968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12524968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12524968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12524968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12524968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154082.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154082.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154082.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154082.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154082.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154082.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6303534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6303534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6303534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6303534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6303534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6303534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165882.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165882.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165882.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165882.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165882.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165882.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                37124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              163822721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                37380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4382.630310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.163288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.836712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.910794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.089206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9996856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9996856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7425137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7425137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18059                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18059                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17421993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17421993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17421993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17421993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        95283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        97409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        97409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        97409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        97409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10497542490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10497542490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    143888064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143888064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10641430554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10641430554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10641430554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10641430554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10092139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10092139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7427263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7427263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18059                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18059                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17519402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17519402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17519402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17519402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110172.249929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110172.249929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67680.180621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67680.180621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109244.839327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109244.839327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109244.839327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109244.839327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       287526                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 28752.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        58372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        60285                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60285                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3752547732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3752547732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16362593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16362593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3768910325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3768910325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3768910325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3768910325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101664.753922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101664.753922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76819.685446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76819.685446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101522.204639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101522.204639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101522.204639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101522.204639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              494.101537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1009891419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2040184.684848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.101537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12528899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12528899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12528899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12528899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12528899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12528899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8715660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8715660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8715660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8715660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8715660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8715660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12528952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12528952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12528952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12528952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12528952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12528952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164446.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164446.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164446.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164446.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164446.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164446.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6812514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6812514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6812514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6812514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6812514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6812514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170312.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170312.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170312.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170312.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170312.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170312.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                37112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              163817759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                37368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4383.904919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.165984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.834016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.910805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.089195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9992825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9992825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7424174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7424174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19366                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19366                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18058                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18058                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17416999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17416999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17416999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17416999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        97166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        97166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10410431031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10410431031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    137974294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137974294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10548405325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10548405325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10548405325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10548405325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10087929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10087929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7426236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7426236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18058                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17514165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17514165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17514165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17514165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109463.650646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109463.650646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66912.848691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66912.848691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108560.662423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108560.662423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108560.662423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108560.662423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       210998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30142.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3726060024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3726060024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16058257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16058257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3742118281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3742118281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3742118281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3742118281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100974.499986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100974.499986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76105.483412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76105.483412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100833.107378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100833.107378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100833.107378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100833.107378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              557.885835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              926234499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1651041.887701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.750197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.135637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12415952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12415952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12415952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12415952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12415952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12415952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7047495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7047495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7047495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7047495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7047495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7047495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12415997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12415997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12415997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12415997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12415997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12415997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       156611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       156611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       156611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       156611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       156611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       156611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5645657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5645657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5645657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5645657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5645657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5645657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166048.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166048.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166048.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166048.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166048.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166048.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                55721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              223884295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                55977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3999.576523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   201.528290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    54.471710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.787220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.212780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18258047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18258047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3507332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21765379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       21765379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21765379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      21765379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       194415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       194415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22384852922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22384852922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35041104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35041104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22419894026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22419894026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22419894026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22419894026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18452087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18452087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3507707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21959794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21959794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21959794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21959794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115362.053814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115362.053814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93442.944000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93442.944000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115319.774842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115319.774842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115319.774842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115319.774842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5922164520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5922164520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5319388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5319388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5927483908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5927483908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5927483908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5927483908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106427.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106427.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69991.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69991.947368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106377.916907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106377.916907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106377.916907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106377.916907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.369495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1037053414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1775776.393836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    39.230922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.138573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.865607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12112088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12112088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12112088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12112088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12112088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12112088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8698499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8698499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8698499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8698499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8698499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8698499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12112140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12112140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12112140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12112140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12112140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12112140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167278.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167278.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167278.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167278.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167278.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167278.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6913147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6913147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6913147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6913147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6913147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6913147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168613.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168613.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168613.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168613.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168613.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168613.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                82248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              448738197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                82504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5438.987164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.907290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.092710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     31779916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31779916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17402806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17402806                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49182722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       49182722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49182722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      49182722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       291843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       292102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       292102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       292102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       292102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35497824618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35497824618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24229337                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24229337                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35522053955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35522053955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35522053955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35522053955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     32071759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32071759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17403065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17403065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49474824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49474824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49474824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49474824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121633.291249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121633.291249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93549.563707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93549.563707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121608.390066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121608.390066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121608.390066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121608.390066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           13891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9258156024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9258156024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6006370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9264162394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264162394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9264162394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264162394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112670.756042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112670.756042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 77004.743590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77004.743590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112636.932132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112636.932132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112636.932132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112636.932132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              516.859588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1006693365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1943423.484556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    41.859588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12430263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12430263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12430263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12430263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12430263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12430263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8346488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8346488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8346488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8346488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8346488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8346488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12430314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12430314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12430314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12430314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12430314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12430314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163656.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163656.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163656.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163656.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163656.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163656.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7143715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7143715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7143715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166132.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166132.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166132.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166132.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166132.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166132.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                41743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166016794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                41999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3952.874926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.525877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.474123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8556121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8556121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7201545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7201545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17340                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17340                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15757666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15757666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15757666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15757666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       133608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       134500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       134500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       134500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       134500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16706368750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16706368750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     77484578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77484578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16783853328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16783853328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16783853328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16783853328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8689729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8689729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7202437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7202437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17340                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15892166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15892166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15892166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15892166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125040.182848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125040.182848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86866.118834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86866.118834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124787.013591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124787.013591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124787.013591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124787.013591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        92017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        41591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        41743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        41743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4385881533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4385881533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10209953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10209953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4396091486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4396091486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4396091486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4396091486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105452.658820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105452.658820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67170.743421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67170.743421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105313.261768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105313.261768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105313.261768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105313.261768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              579.760123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1037053008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1778821.626072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.680398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.079725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12111682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12111682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12111682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12111682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12111682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12111682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8629887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8629887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8629887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8629887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8629887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8629887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12111732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12111732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12111732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12111732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12111732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12111732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172597.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172597.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172597.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172597.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172597.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172597.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7024807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7024807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7024807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7024807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7024807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7024807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175620.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175620.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175620.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175620.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175620.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175620.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                82189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              448736911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                82445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5442.863861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.907700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.092300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     31779552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31779552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17402323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17402323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     49181875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       49181875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     49181875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      49181875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       291989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       291989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35487021323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35487021323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30492590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30492590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35517513913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35517513913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35517513913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35517513913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     32071281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32071281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17402583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17402583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49473864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49473864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49473864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49473864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121643.790377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121643.790377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117279.192308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117279.192308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121639.903945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121639.903945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121639.903945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121639.903945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           14618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       209618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       209800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       209800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9244334872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9244334872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7861859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7861859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9252196731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9252196731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9252196731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9252196731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112583.391653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112583.391653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100793.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100793.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112572.202253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112572.202253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112572.202253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112572.202253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.579856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012389211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1913779.226843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.579856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12381162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12381162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12381162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12381162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12381162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12381162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8110979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8110979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8110979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8110979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8110979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8110979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12381213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12381213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12381213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12381213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12381213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12381213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159038.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159038.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159038.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159038.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159038.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159038.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6507063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6507063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6507063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166847.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166847.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166847.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166847.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166847.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166847.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                72957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180720722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                73213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2468.423941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.180565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.819435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8589207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8589207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7117743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7117743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15706950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15706950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15706950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15706950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       185635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       185635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22722944125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22722944125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     71725871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71725871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22794669996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22794669996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22794669996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22794669996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8774010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8774010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7118575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7118575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15892585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15892585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15892585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15892585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122957.658290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122957.658290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86208.979567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86208.979567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122792.953893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122792.953893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122792.953893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122792.953893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8114636611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8114636611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9217697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8123854308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8123854308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8123854308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8123854308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111434.174828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111434.174828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67282.459854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67282.459854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111351.265924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111351.265924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111351.265924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111351.265924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.597573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012389720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1913780.189036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.597573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12381671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12381671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12381671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12381671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12381671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12381671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8302621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8302621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8302621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8302621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8302621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8302621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12381724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12381724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12381724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12381724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12381724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12381724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156653.226415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156653.226415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156653.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156653.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156653.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156653.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6465721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6465721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6465721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165787.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165787.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165787.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165787.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165787.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165787.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                73046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180712831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2465.319241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.166657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.833343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8584916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7113977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7113977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15698893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15698893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15698893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15698893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       185959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       185959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22811458181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22811458181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     73192562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73192562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22884650743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22884650743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22884650743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22884650743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8770052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7114800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7114800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15884852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15884852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15884852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15884852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123214.599975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123214.599975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88933.854192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88933.854192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123062.883447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123062.883447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123062.883447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123062.883447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8155540272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8155540272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9452471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9452471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8164992743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8164992743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8164992743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8164992743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111859.170637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111859.170637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68996.138686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68996.138686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111778.779714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111778.779714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111778.779714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111778.779714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              583.091710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037058695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1763705.263605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.990982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.100728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.934442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12117369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12117369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12117369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12117369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12117369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12117369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8834137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8834137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8834137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8834137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8834137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8834137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12117428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12117428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12117428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12117428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12117428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12117428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149731.135593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149731.135593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149731.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149731.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149731.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149731.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7162754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7162754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7162754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7162754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7162754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7162754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159172.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159172.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159172.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159172.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159172.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159172.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                82330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448736712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                82586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5433.568789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.908346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.091654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31779276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31779276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17402401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17402401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49181677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49181677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49181677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49181677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       292486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       292486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       292738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       292738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       292738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       292738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35424880327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35424880327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25226361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25226361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35450106688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35450106688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35450106688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35450106688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32071762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32071762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17402653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17402653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49474415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49474415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49474415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49474415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121116.499002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121116.499002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100104.607143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100104.607143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121098.411166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121098.411166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121098.411166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121098.411166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       210234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       210234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       210408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       210408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9213209389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9213209389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6408271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9219617660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9219617660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9219617660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9219617660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112011.980122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112011.980122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82157.320513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82157.320513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111983.695615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111983.695615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111983.695615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111983.695615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              580.646110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037062175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1775791.395548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.566324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.079786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.063408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12120849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12120849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12120849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12120849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12120849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12120849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8766873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8766873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8766873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8766873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8766873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8766873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12120902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12120902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12120902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12120902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12120902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12120902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165412.698113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165412.698113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165412.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165412.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165412.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165412.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7005864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7005864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7005864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7005864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7005864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7005864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170874.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170874.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170874.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170874.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170874.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170874.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448728823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5435.711103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.908943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.091057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31774833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31774833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17398956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17398956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49173789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49173789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49173789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49173789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       291848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       291848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       291848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35296158304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35296158304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22889363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22889363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35319047667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35319047667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35319047667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35319047667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32066423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32066423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17399214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17399214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49465637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49465637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49465637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49465637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121047.218025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121047.218025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88718.461240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88718.461240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121018.638699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121018.638699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121018.638699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121018.638699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           15485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       209552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9179162834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9179162834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5643475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5643475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9184806309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9184806309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9184806309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9184806309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111644.199981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111644.199981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72352.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72352.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111606.959135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111606.959135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111606.959135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111606.959135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              527.752981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012384974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1913771.217391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.752981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12376925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12376925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12376925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12376925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12376925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12376925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8284385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8284385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8284385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8284385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8284385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8284385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12376975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12376975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12376975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12376975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12376975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12376975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165687.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165687.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165687.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165687.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165687.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165687.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6622282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6622282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6622282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6622282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6622282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6622282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169802.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169802.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169802.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169802.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169802.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169802.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                72903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180707372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                73159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2470.063451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.178342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.821658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8582933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7110667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7110667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15693600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15693600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15693600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15693600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       184499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       185325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       185325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22836619598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22836619598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     71240096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71240096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22907859694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22907859694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22907859694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22907859694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8767432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8767432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7111493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7111493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15878925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15878925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15878925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15878925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123776.386853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123776.386853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86247.089588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86247.089588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123609.117464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123609.117464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123609.117464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123609.117464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8177291782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8177291782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9221673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9221673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8186513455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8186513455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8186513455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8186513455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112377.920760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112377.920760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67311.481752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67311.481752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112293.231486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112293.231486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112293.231486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112293.231486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.576976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1007796701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1934350.673704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.576976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12234255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12234255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12234255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12234255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12234255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12234255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7628225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7628225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7628225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7628225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7628225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7628225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12234304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12234304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12234304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12234304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12234304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12234304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155678.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155678.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155678.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155678.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155678.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155678.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6378421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6378421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6378421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163549.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163549.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163549.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163549.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163549.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163549.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                56665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172058600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                56921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3022.761371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.871392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.128608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8625971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8625971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7303214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7303214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15929185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15929185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15929185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15929185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       192675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       196542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       196542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       196542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       196542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25439581891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25439581891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    491538980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    491538980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25931120871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25931120871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25931120871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25931120871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8818646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8818646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7307081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7307081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16125727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16125727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16125727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16125727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132033.641578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132033.641578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 127111.192139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127111.192139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131936.791480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131936.791480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131936.791480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131936.791480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           18980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       136170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6068308399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6068308399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11361414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11361414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6079669813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079669813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6079669813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079669813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107394.184568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107394.184568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 71008.837500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71008.837500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107291.446448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107291.446448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107291.446448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107291.446448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.082807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1006693171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1943423.110039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.082807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12430069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12430069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12430069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12430069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12430069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12430069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8485878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8485878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8485878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8485878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8485878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8485878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12430124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12430124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12430124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12430124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12430124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12430124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154288.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154288.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154288.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154288.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154288.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154288.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6874004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6874004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6874004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6874004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6874004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6874004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159860.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159860.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159860.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159860.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159860.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159860.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                41745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166016454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                42001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3952.678603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.526416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.473584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8555918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8555918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7201362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7201362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15757280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15757280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15757280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15757280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       133551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          897                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       134448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       134448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       134448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       134448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16716620404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16716620404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     77470747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77470747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16794091151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16794091151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16794091151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16794091151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8689469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8689469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7202259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7202259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18952                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17339                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15891728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15891728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15891728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15891728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125170.312495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125170.312495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86366.496098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86366.496098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124911.424127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124911.424127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124911.424127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124911.424127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        91959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4390342575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4390342575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10193500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10193500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4400536075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4400536075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4400536075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4400536075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105557.380626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105557.380626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66624.183007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66624.183007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105414.686190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105414.686190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105414.686190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105414.686190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.986293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1007793091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1934343.744722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.986293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12230645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12230645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12230645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12230645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12230645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12230645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7581459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7581459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7581459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7581459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7581459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7581459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12230694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12230694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12230694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12230694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12230694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12230694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154723.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154723.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154723.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154723.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154723.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154723.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6254578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6254578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6254578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160373.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160373.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160373.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                56616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172065315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                56872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3025.483806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.871445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.128555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8631200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8631200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7304590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7304590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17882                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15935790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15935790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15935790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15935790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       196938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       196938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       196938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       196938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25523464507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25523464507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    492233057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    492233057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26015697564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26015697564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26015697564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26015697564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8824276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8824276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7308452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7308452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16132728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16132728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16132728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16132728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 132193.874469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132193.874469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127455.478250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127455.478250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 132100.953417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132100.953417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 132100.953417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132100.953417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           18930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       136621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6066286534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6066286534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11371063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11371063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6077657597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6077657597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6077657597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6077657597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107453.485679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107453.485679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70627.720497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70627.720497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107348.763547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107348.763547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107348.763547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107348.763547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
