
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010669                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10668886203                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535496479740                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   509318                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267229                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39924.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15992852463                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20334084132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       361600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       178688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       269312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       174976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       143232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       243712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       388736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       265344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       172672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       236416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       141184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3925888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1394560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1394560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       419913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33892948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       419913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35416630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       419913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23959015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       443908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16748515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       359925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25242747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       443908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16400587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       431910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13509189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       419913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13425206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22843247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23587092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       431910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36436418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       347928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24870825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       443908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16184632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       431910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22159389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       431910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23335144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       443908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13233246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               367975431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       419913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       419913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       419913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       443908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       359925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       443908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       431910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       419913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       431910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       347928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       443908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       431910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       431910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       443908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6730599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         130712801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              130712801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         130712801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       419913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33892948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       419913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35416630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       419913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23959015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       443908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16748515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       359925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25242747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       443908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16400587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       431910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13509189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       419913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13425206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       419913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22843247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       419913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23587092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       431910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36436418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       347928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24870825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       443908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16184632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       431910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22159389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       431910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23335144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       443908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13233246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              498688232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2078803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700056                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204679                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852591                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817309                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20170624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11801040                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2078803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030500                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2470844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        596805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       348688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1241905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23377813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20906969     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133646      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210959      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336263      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139599      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155612      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166210      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108743      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1219812      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23377813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19984891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       536265                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2462960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6310                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       387384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340606                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14406142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       387384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20015886                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        173344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       273777                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2438806                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        88611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14397396                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3897                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19987832                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66972385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66972385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2963825                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2018                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          268949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22221                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       169129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13592383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17162                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4141323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23377813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17648298     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298723      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256582      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858470      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802697      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229403      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180544      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60749      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42347      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23377813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3226     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9836     38.58%     51.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12435     48.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11385806     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215200      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256914      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732817      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13592383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531267                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50605237                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16234087                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13371227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13617880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249005                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23095                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       387384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        118750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2015                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13397339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181709                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914178                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523643                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13371460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13371227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7818191                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20425082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2124222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       208769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22990429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18011770     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411973     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939482      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505648      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378087      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211083      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130657      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116227      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285502      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22990429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37086275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29150254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2207047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.558486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.558486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60413358                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18536334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13437914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1998315                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802797                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752804                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21159116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12570135                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1998315                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       821898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2484993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        334249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       467971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1215976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24337586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21852593     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          88664      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         182070      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          75267      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         412161      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         367803      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          70168      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         148615      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1140245      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24337586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078105                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.491311                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21042530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       586156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2475711                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7929                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       225257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       175597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14740023                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       225257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21064162                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        409359                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       110050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2463399                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        65356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14731257                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        23950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          205                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17300415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     69383058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     69383058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15321545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1978852                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1727                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          167497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3475230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1756502                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85907                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14700416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14125192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1149539                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2763671                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24337586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19323649     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496592      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234533      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532256      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676039      2.78%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654848      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371883      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29216      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18570      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24337586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35869     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279055     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8063      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8861411     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123452      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3387238     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1752247     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14125192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.552092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322987                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52918502                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15852065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14003688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14448179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          380                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1247                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       225257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        373193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14702176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3475230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1756502                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          883                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          380                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60589                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       124162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14025839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3375737                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5127821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1837290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1752084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.548209                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14004237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14003688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7565569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14906558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.547343                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507533                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11372379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13364118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1339515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       108220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24112329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19268839     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765461      7.32%     87.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829066      3.44%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820169      3.40%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222945      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954650      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71320      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51964      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127915      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24112329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11372379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13364118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5083197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3338041                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1764532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11884008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       127915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38688008                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29632577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                465508                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1247274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11372379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13364118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11372379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.249737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.249737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.444496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.444496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       69338429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16264646                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17547161                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2081736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1707966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206041                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213031                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9206                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19893056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11830113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2081736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1026939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2602382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        582614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       633956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1226669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23502768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20900386     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         280238      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         326798      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         179789      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         209181      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         113213      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          77963      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         200481      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1214719      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23502768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081366                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462387                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19733569                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       796985                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2581294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19698                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       371220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       336761                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14437710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11156                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       371220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19764403                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        276851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       433508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2571334                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        85450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14428028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        21865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        40140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20055197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67182017                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67182017                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17120529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2934649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3696                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2027                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          232310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1378428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       749112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       163205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14403771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13607199                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18120                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1797355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4176714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          343                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23502768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17765391     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2311016      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1239926      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       856600      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       749443      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383310      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92113      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60221      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44748      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23502768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3469     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12418     42.53%     54.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13314     45.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11391821     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212671      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1667      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257596      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743444      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13607199                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531846                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50764487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16204964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13382738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13636400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243814                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14949                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       371220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        228278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14230                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14407500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1378428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2026                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115461                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       234707                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406754                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1924854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1876210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           743224                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524011                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13383078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13382738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7957531                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20837687                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523073                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10054194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12335449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2072247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       207007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23131548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18091507     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2337749     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       979058      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587566      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408673      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263587      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136743      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109519      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217146      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23131548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10054194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12335449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1868765                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1134607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1678                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1765438                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11120944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       251010                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       217146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37322033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29186649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                306004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2082092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10054194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12335449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10054194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.544695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.544695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60484803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18577589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13476579                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2110484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1726729                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208795                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       888155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         829755                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217871                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9420                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20355705                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11795608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2110484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1047626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2462371                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        568465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       459023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1246731                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23634091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21171720     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114964      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         182270      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         246447      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         253432      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         215173      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         120299      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         179580      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1150206      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23634091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20151628                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       665083                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2457896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       356731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       347273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14475975                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       356731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20206909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        138764                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       400749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2406041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14470042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20194421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67309136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67309136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17503052                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2691333                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1889                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          377773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       733503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       178934                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14451875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13728660                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1594649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          158                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23634091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17819785     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2394743     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213461      5.13%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       910286      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       715471      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288878      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183284      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95305      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12878      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23634091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2491     10.85%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8394     36.56%     47.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12072     52.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11547510     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204182      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1720      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1244300      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730948      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13728660                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536593                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51116427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16050198                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13518714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13751617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10260                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       356731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        111496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14455523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1893                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10167                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       238460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13535862                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1170283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1901154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1923604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           730871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529057                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13518845                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13518714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7760182                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20915972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371017                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10202936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12554697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3466                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       211174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23277360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18122727     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2557023     10.99%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964877      4.15%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458390      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390185      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222364      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       193174      0.83%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87814      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280806      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23277360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10202936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12554697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1860144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1136902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1730                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1810377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11311728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       258597                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       280806                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37452011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29267815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                310201                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1950769                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10202936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12554697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10202936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.507598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.507598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60919850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18833709                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13416969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1934370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309436                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112968                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4594                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20531464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10996378                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1934370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1390168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2450671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        514883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       305628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1243919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23645735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21195064     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         377978      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         184381      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         373887      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         115658      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         347652      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          53588      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          86594      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         910933      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23645735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.429800                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20334076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       508044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2445704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       355973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       178300                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1975                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12262222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4719                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       355973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20356876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        302974                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       134638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2423275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        71995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12243085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        55577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16000252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     55425354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     55425354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12916067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3084170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          817                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          165355                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       349426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3013                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        78733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12178877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1611                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11386732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2244417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4609692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23645735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18653985     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1552840      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1692652      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972476      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498112      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124559      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144709      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3553      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2849      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23645735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18626     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7774     23.77%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6299     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8904351     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86869      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2048726     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345998      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11386732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.445057                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32699                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46459344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14424947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11093612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11419431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       355973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        219010                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8798                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12180501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          816                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          217                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104965                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       164997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11245097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2366092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1712261                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           345945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.439522                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11096552                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11093612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6718728                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14489421                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.433601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9918401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2262608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       154932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23289762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19611765     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434326      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930265      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292578      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491569      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93770      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59684      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53859      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321946      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23289762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8836285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9918401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2119621                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1779154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1524282                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8659228                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       121229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       321946                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35148786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          24718298                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                464903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1939125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8836285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9918401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8836285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.895432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.895432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.345372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.345372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       52320457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14419505                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13077709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2111123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       888770                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         829576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20361432                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11799924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2111123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1047647                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2462466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        568428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       455651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1247102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23636475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21174009     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         114026      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         182390      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         246647      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         253526      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         215247      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         119784      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         180003      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1150843      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23636475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20156468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       662575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2458038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       356668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       347350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14481642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       356668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20211572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        138443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       398275                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2406342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       125172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14476181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        16504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        54825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     20203037                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     67336132                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     67336132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17513053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2689980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          378773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       733619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8529                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       213779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14459132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3618                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13737217                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1593984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3797866                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23636475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17791723     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2430143     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222960      5.17%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899725      3.81%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710749      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289203      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183695      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95418      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12859      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23636475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2546     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8397     36.48%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12077     52.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11555293     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204342      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1721      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1244672      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731189      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13737217                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23020                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51135944                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16056791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13527679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13760237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       356668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        111103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14462768                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10183                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       238650                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13544510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1170593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1901723                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1924656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           731130                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529396                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13527795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13527679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7765326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20930222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371010                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10208793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12561835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3471                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       211202                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23279807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18099763     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2580633     11.09%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       962528      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459080      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404332      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223338      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       183984      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88208      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       277941      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23279807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10208793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12561835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1861198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1137539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1732                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1811372                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11318173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       258734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       277941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37464577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29282248                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                310253                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1948385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10208793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12561835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10208793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.506159                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.506159                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.399017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.399017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60959367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18846297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13422048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3468                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2321522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1933198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       878838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9804                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20179589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12733169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2321522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1095193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2652549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        594392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       646278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1255153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203448                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23857951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21205402     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         162317      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         203732      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         326492      1.37%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136968      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         175870      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         204743      0.86%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94253      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1348174      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23857951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.497684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20060671                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       776864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2639850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       379251                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       352836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15563547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       379251                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20081634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64619                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       654860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2620123                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        57456                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15466695                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21601040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71915452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71915452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18031347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3569687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          202142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450561                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       756209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       171018                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097332                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14471042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15694                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858023                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3796764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          168                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23857951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17729255     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793591     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142916      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640062      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868385      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268212      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263101      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141205      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11224      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23857951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100302     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13703     10.79%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12935     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12190686     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197635      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327271      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753662      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14471042                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126940                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52942669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16959230                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14091031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14597982                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       379251                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15101115                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450561                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1974                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120136                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       245503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14216934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2058008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2009620                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           753521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14091144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14091031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8441749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22680320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550757                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372206                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10490235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12926420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2174738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       214506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23478700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18007124     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773396     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007327      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500757      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458647      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192568      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190753      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90871      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257257      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23478700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10490235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12926420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1916846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1171994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1873499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11638128                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       266940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       257257                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38322523                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30581586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                308574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1726909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10490235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12926420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10490235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.438922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.438922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63965982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19691785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14391456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2319454                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       877336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         845462                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20181547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12722760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2319454                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1094650                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2650670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        594038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       650802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1255138                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23862149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21211479     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         162298      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         203886      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         326160      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136350      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         175779      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         204718      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          94495      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1346984      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23862149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20062629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       781284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2638062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       378846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       352913                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15552605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       378846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20083495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         65083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       658895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2618503                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        57319                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15456611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21585303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71871865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71871865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18028363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3556940                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3716                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1928                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          201700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450096                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       756124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8324                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       168748                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15090734                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14466075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3787077                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23862149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17736006     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2791462     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142317      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641124      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867996      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268169      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262875      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141072      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11128      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23862149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100147     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13688     10.80%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12941     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12186914     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197467      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326231      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753675      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14466075                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52936454                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16947511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14087922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14592851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11397                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       378846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15094468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450096                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125302                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       245663                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14213835                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304255                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2057847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2009301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           753592                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14088015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14087922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8439526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22678355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10488509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12924286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2170228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       214556                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23483303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18014090     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2771573     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006351      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500669      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458977      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192939      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190644      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90943      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257117      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23483303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10488509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12924286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1916529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1171802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1873210                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11636195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       266896                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       257117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38320622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30567888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308727                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1722711                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10488509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12924286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10488509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.439323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.439323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409950                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409950                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63951427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19685662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14380909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2086521                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213347                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9154                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19910478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11859433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2086521                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1026525                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2605580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        586570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       617692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1228151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23510859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20905279     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         280303      1.19%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         324213      1.38%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         179201      0.76%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         209224      0.89%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         113627      0.48%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          77954      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         203209      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1217849      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23510859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081553                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.463533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19750571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       781119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2584105                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       374957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       338377                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2147                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14477425                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11038                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       374957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19781313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        276288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       417371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2574697                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        86231                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14467973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        22184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        40282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20103408                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67366321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67366321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17131046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2972362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2085                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          234151                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       751991                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       163957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14445744                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3761                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13639377                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1828660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4239637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23510859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17765681     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2310465      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241171      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858458      3.65%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751411      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       386307      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92264      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60383      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44719      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23510859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3461     11.74%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12812     43.46%     55.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13205     44.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11417739     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213020      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1260919      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746031      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13639377                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.533103                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50838207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16278310                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13411261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13668855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34013                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       374957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        227011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14449531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751991                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2082                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116355                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       235344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13436461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1929228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1879462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           745790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.525172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13411546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13411261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7971593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20890058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.524187                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381597                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10060319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12343050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2106685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       207225                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23135902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18093322     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2338746     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980162      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587440      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408444      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263629      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136867      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109799      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217493      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23135902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10060319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12343050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1869903                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1135307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1678                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1766560                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11127773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       251169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       217493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37368079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29274444                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                306700                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2074001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10060319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12343050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10060319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.543146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.543146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60608421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18613422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13508850                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2082321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1707664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206151                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813756                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19907606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11832474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2082321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1026662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2602651                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        582246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       626227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1227498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23509382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20906731     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         280388      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         326944      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         179850      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         207920      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         113632      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          77397      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         201448      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1215072      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23509382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19747894                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       789409                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2581628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19697                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       370752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       337654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2141                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14441992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11112                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       370752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19778404                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        272193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       430652                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2572068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        85311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14432883                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        40132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20060880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67203467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67203467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17132848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2928032                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3709                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          231072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1378147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       750431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       165562                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14410292                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13619022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1792084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4153177                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23509382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17767938     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2310767      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1240646      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859533      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750476      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383027      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92254      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60127      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44614      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23509382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3452     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12516     42.92%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13195     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11402067     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212796      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257852      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744639      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13619022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002141                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50794679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16206227                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13394220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13648185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34235                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       242730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       370752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        223206                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14267                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14414028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1378147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2033                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119080                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       234865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13418194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182268                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1926641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1878339                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           744373                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524458                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13394510                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13394220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7961915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20852439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523521                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10061354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12344320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2069895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       207118                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23138630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18095332     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2338918     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980119      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587663      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408875      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263795      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136877      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109970      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217081      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23138630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10061354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12344320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1870078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1135417                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1678                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1766732                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11128924                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       251195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       217081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37335699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29199201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                306333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2075478                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10061354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12344320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10061354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.542884                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.542884                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60531785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18591747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13480500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1994502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711584                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109760                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4651                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21141888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12545195                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1994502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       821344                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2480376                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        334864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       462188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1215605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24309796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21829420     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          88097      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         180751      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          75392      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         411738      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         367552      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          71227      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         149288      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1136331      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24309796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077956                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.490337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21023800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       581874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2471205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       225094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       175501                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14714071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       225094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21045981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        403773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       110047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2458188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        66710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14705688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          493                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17270516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     69262298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     69262298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15292531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1977973                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          171882                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3470756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1753712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16528                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        86255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14674938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14105789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7710                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1143302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2737869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24309796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19301398     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496303      6.16%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233504      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       530672      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       674828      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653565      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371985      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28913      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18628      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24309796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35684     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278673     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8061      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8850548     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122922      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          843      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382048     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1749428     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14105789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.551333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322418                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52851502                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15820348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13982980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14428207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          386                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11820                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       225094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        367657                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14676676                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3470756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1753712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          386                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61432                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       124819                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14005627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3370083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5119320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1834291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1749237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547419                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13983546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13982980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7553488                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14889072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546533                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507318                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11350964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13338845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1339139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       109001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24084702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19250115     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1762503      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       827833      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818053      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222592      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952679      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71339      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51984      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127604      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24084702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11350964                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13338845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5073642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3331750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1761144                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11861547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       129091                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       127604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38635043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29581098                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                465687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1275064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11350964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13338845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11350964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.253981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.253981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       69235516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16242477                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17513472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1936102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733056                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277914                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113148                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20535085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11006472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1936102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1391062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2453276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        515900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       300920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1244447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23648128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21194852     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         377872      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         185528      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         374291      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         115478      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         348205      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53750      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86280      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         911872      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23648128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20337946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       503119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2448262                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1951                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       356846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178100                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12273722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       356846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20360688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        299041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       133861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2425960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        71728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12254732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        55334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16018888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55483789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55483789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12922522                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3096363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          812                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       350081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2992                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        78578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12189694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1605                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11394144                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2250551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4627712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23648128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18654306     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1552406      6.56%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693848      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973141      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497800      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125560      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144700      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3517      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2850      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23648128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18668     57.04%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7750     23.68%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6311     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8910188     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86989      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049622     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346556      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11394144                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32729                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46476667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14441892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11100257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11426873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       356846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        214837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8818                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12191316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       165260                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11251125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020226                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2366730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1712889                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           346504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.439757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11103381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11100257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6723208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14505197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.433860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8840079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9923149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2268688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       155071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23291282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19611529     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434765      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930948      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292946      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491890      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93509      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59657      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53701      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322337      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23291282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8840079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9923149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2120371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1779607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1524979                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8663515                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       121337                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       322337                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35160743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24740813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                465070                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1936732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8840079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9923149                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8840079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.894189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.894189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.345520                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.345520                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52349664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14428958                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13088964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2113955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208381                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       888608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         829955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218161                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9418                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20361880                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11813342                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2113955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1048116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2465161                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        568084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       457128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1246988                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208380                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23641187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21176026     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         114698      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         182238      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         246354      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         253709      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         215806      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         120403      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         179636      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1152317      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23641187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20156322                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       664754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2460564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2788                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       356756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       347732                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14497144                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       356756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20212004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        138307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       399813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2408348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       125956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14491201                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        16711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        55114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20224232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67406332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67406332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17529201                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2695027                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          380892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358274                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       734442                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8579                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       179238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14473038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3618                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13749057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1596699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3805282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23641187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17819989     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2397387     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214257      5.14%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       910560      3.85%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       717034      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289892      1.23%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183508      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95648      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12912      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23641187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2544     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8433     36.57%     47.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12086     52.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11564708     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204528      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1723      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246093      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732005      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13749057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.537390                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51164406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16073410                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13539845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13772120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219678                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           57                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       356756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        110869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14476685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358274                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734442                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1883                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           57                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120693                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       238094                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13556816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1904189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1926601                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           731941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529876                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13539972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13539845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7773341                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20950984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.529213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10218233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12573437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1903260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       210764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23284431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18122510     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2560637     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       965707      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459629      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390576      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222765      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       193336      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87814      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       281457      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23284431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10218233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12573437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1862925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1138595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1813054                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11328627                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       258973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       281457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37479606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29310172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                309928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1943673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10218233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12573437                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10218233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.503844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.503844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.399386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.399386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       61016576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18862725                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13437538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2085112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862422                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213018                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19924366                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11848791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2085112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1028246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2606524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        583517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       623827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1228507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23528788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20922264     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         280858      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         327764      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         179838      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         208576      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         114002      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          77699      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         200889      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1216898      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23528788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.463117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19764809                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       786929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2585605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       371908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       337655                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2157                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14460812                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11133                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       371908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19795496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        267753                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       432845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2575681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        85103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14451092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20086644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67287436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67287436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17146676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2939956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          231420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379886                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       750997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19975                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       165751                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14426805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13630539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1800602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4174873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          361                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23528788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17781398     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2314603      9.84%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241481      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860322      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750081      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383707      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92051      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60317      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44828      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23528788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3537     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12569     42.80%     54.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13261     45.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11411288     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212988      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259349      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745244      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13630539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50837160                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16231270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13405624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13659906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       371908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        218998                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14430553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379886                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2046                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119381                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115843                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       235224                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13429750                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1928805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1880109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           745026                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13405947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13405624                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7970680                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20870661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523967                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10069557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12354395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2076338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       207203                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23156880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18108778     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341808     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980573      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588471      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409043      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263802      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137218      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109958      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217229      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23156880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10069557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12354395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1871673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1136370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1768166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11138035                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       251408                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       217229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37370319                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29233392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306511                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2056072                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10069557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12354395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10069557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.540813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.540813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60585097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18608435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13498677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2083566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1708140                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       859032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19909786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11847940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2083566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1025776                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2603889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        583022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       638182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1227557                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204042                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23526016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20922127     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         280535      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         324581      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         179433      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         208317      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         113935      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          77204      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         202745      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1217139      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23526016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.463084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19749090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       802354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2583067                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19492                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       338325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2142                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14463646                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11152                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19779453                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        244028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       472007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2573390                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        85125                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14454270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20088219                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67305127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67305127                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17142946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2945262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3808                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          231546                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       752392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       165676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14431425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3813                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13635407                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18498                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1807301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4186478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23526016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17780332     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2310490      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242183      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859713      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751415      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384928      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92137      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60254      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44564      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23526016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3433     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12921     43.48%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13362     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11413305     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213209      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1260714      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746510      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13635407                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50845043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16242684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13408769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13665123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34622                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245215                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17272                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        196124                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13702                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14435260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9663                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       234441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13433818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1184243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1930496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1879832                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           746253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.525069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13409065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13408769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7970528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20877817                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.524090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10067350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12351611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2083784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206629                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23154005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18108354     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2340123     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980193      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587977      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408979      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263934      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136966      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110043      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217436      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23154005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10067350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12351611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1871217                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1136097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1767738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11135524                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       251340                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       217436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37371899                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29242822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                306395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2058844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10067350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12351611                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10067350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.541370                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.541370                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393489                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393489                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60598881                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18610014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13498623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25584860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2320978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932617                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249557                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20184933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12730875                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2320978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1096094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2652773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        594423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       650386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1255590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23867501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21214728     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         162030      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         204521      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         326147      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136885      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         176302      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         204876      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          94227      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1347785      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23867501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090717                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20066266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       780702                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2640102                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       379125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       352880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15563245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       379125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20087105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         63981                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       659496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2620506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        57280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15466953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21598754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71922893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71922893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18033833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3564921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3732                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          201666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       756312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       168524                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15099782                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14474883                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15160                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1857295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3796255                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23867501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17739726     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2790831     11.69%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142627      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641414      2.69%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868403      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269310      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263146      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140834      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11210      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23867501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99803     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13769     10.88%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12958     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12194110     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197541      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327640      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753803      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14474883                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565760                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126530                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52958957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16960917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14094469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14601413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10789                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           98                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11332                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       379125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         48889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15103528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5340                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           98                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245931                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14220791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2058667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2010235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           753708                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14094567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14094469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8444038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22692729                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2175279                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       214664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23488376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18017206     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2772691     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007064      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500890      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458416      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193027      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190834      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90971      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257277      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23488376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10491726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12928305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1917159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1172179                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1873802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11639826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       266989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       257277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38334605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30586304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                308661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1717359                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10491726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12928305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10491726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.438575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.438575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63982641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19695533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14389346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30689                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.045985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1456181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          63449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.950417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           317.070225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.224209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1242.728356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.427615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1295.500441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.906468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   845.067530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.398868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   613.692976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.140414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   930.771954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.963413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   596.666053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.331649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   496.983179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.875371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   478.495970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.420792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   814.647473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.477129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   827.117932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.496457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1333.705274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.797984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   920.998563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.511826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   591.046795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.912237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   805.405023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.864876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   814.296886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.582019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   481.574630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1675.698213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1572.262169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1180.405457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           968.201289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1309.963559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           981.358474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           812.389427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           825.455532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1293.939465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1195.640417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1502.911070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1316.170501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           994.517902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1328.249402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1200.845000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           829.937518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.037925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.039536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.025789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.028405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.018209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.014603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.025242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.040701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.028107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.024579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.024850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.014696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.051138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.047982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.036023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.029547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.029949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.024792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.025191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.039488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.045865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.030350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.040535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.036647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.025328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20325                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20325                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4526                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30671                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5256571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    426448353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5217677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    448540086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5337069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    301278514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5530153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209947508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4566024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316296065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5783682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206606638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5502781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    170006125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5459480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    168953690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5394551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    286578820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5451405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    295690679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5487121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    458798095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4534078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310875807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5623132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203781800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5402009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278609708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5581134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    294098976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5429649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    165845682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4627913062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       302534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       272867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       316010                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       315986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       156881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       332615                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       328627                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2025520                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5256571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    426448353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5217677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    448540086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5337069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    301581048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5530153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209947508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4566024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316296065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5783682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206606638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5502781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    170006125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5459480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    168953690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5394551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    286851687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5451405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    296006689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5487121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    459114081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4534078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    311032688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5623132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203781800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5402009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278942323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5581134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    294427603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5429649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    165845682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4629938582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5256571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    426448353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5217677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    448540086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5337069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    301581048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5530153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    209947508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4566024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316296065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5783682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206606638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5502781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    170006125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5459480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    168953690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5394551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    286851687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5451405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    296006689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5487121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    459114081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4534078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    311032688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5623132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203781800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5402009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278942323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5581134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    294427603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5429649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    165845682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4629938582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               86450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20325                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20325                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                86675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               86675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.385087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.368090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.302039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.296266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.354633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.057778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.300828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.298241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.353862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.300828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.298241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.353862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150187.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150955.169204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149076.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151944.473577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152487.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151016.798997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149463.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150392.197708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152200.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150330.829373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156315.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151138.725677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152855.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150982.349023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155985.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150986.318141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154130.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150672.355415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155754.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150555.335540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152420.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151169.059308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156347.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150036.586390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151976.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151061.378799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150055.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151007.971816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155031.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151363.343284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146747.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150358.732548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150952.869137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       151267                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 136433.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       158005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       157993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       156881                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166307.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164313.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155809.230769                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150187.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150955.169204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149076.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151944.473577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152487.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151017.049574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149463.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150392.197708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152200.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150330.829373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156315.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151138.725677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152855.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150982.349023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155985.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150986.318141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154130.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150657.398634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155754.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150562.914039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152420.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151173.553177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156347.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150039.888085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151976.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151061.378799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150055.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151024.538711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155031.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151376.659640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146747.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150358.732548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150954.927521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150187.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150955.169204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149076.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151944.473577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152487.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151017.049574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149463.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150392.197708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152200.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150330.829373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156315.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151138.725677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152855.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150982.349023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155985.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150986.318141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154130.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150657.398634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155754.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150562.914039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152420.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151173.553177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156347.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150039.888085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151976.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151061.378799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150055.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151024.538711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155031.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151376.659640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146747.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150358.732548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150954.927521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10895                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10895                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3216637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    261936099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3181627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    276645843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3302664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185097818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3378201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    128676464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2818448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    193722974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3634167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126996103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3407340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104439077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3425063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    103793135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3357179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    175800610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3416208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181306496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3390390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282091699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2845381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190130226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3468580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125227908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3308765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    171139829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3485827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    180949619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3277346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    101613618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2842481341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       186481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       156838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       199408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       199711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        98453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       215254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       212752                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1268897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3216637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    261936099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3181627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    276645843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3302664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185284299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3378201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    128676464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2818448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    193722974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3634167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126996103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3407340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104439077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3425063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    103793135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3357179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    175957448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3416208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181505904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3390390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282291410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2845381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190228679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3468580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125227908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3308765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    171355083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3485827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    181162371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3277346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    101613618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843750238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3216637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    261936099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3181627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    276645843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3302664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185284299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3378201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    128676464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2818448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    193722974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3634167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126996103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3407340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104439077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3425063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    103793135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3357179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    175957448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3416208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181505904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3390390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282291410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2845381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190228679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3468580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125227908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3308765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    171355083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3485827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    181162371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3277346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    101613618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843750238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.385087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.368090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.302039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.299438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.296266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.354633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.300828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.298241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.353862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.384301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.300828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.298241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.353862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91903.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92720.743009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90903.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93714.716463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94361.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92780.861153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91302.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92175.117479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93948.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92073.656844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98220.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92901.318947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94648.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92752.288632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97858.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92755.259160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95919.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92429.342797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97605.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92314.916497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94177.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92946.194069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98116.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91761.692085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93745.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92830.176427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91910.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92758.714905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96828.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93128.985589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88576.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92124.766999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92715.811240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93240.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        78419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        99704                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99855.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        98453                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       107627                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       106376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97607.461538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91903.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92720.743009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90903.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93714.716463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94361.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92781.321482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91302.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92175.117479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93948.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92073.656844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98220.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92901.318947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94648.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92752.288632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97858.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92755.259160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95919.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92414.626050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97605.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92322.433367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94177.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92950.744155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98116.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91764.919923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93745.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92830.176427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91910.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92774.814835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96828.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93142.607198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88576.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92124.766999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92717.884582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91903.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92720.743009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90903.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93714.716463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94361.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92781.321482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91302.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92175.117479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93948.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92073.656844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98220.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92901.318947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94648.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92752.288632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97858.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92755.259160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95919.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92414.626050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97605.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92322.433367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94177.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92950.744155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98116.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91764.919923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93745.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92830.176427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91910.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92774.814835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96828.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93142.607198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88576.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92124.766999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92717.884582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.829515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001249906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1903516.931559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.829515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1241857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1241857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1241857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7152092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7152092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7152092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7152092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7152092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7152092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1241905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149001.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149001.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149001.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149001.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149001.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149001.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5651918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5651918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5651918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5651918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5651918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5651918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156997.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156997.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156997.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156997.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156997.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156997.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21894.534639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.031457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.968543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.890748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2175942400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2175942400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7046140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7046140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2182988540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2182988540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2182988540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2182988540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1976                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116435.273973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116435.273973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 80990.114943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80990.114943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116271.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116271.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116271.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116271.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    759187493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    759187493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       998589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       998589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    760186082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    760186082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    760186082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    760186082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103487.935251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103487.935251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66572.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66572.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103412.608081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103412.608081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103412.608081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103412.608081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.940213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1026157255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1772292.322971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.520588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.419626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1215929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1215929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1215929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1215929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1215929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7340173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7340173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7340173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7340173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7340173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7340173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1215976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1215976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1215976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156173.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156173.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156173.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156173.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156173.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156173.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5836065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5836065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5836065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162112.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162112.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162112.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162112.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162112.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162112.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              404468988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48237.207871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.072867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.927133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3185838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3185838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1743397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1743397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4929235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4929235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4929235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4929235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        28702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        28702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3246211686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3246211686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2145375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2145375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3248357061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3248357061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3248357061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3248357061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3214511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3214511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1743426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1743426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4957937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4957937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4957937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4957937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113214.929934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113214.929934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73978.448276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73978.448276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113175.286078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113175.286078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113175.286078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113175.286078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    840886953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840886953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       581924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       581924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    841468877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    841468877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    841468877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    841468877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103557.506527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103557.506527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64658.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64658.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103514.439291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103514.439291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103514.439291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103514.439291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.319188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              996789070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1924303.223938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.319188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1226624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1226624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1226624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1226624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1226624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1226624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7677755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7677755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7677755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7677755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7677755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7677755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1226669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1226669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1226669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170616.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170616.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170616.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170616.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170616.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170616.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6263531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6263531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6263531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6263531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6263531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6263531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173986.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173986.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173986.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173986.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173986.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173986.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              157690702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             27136.586130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.282241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.717759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.883915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.116085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       862375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        862375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       730109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1592484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1592484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1592484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1592484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2379187732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2379187732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54039918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54039918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2433227650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2433227650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2433227650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2433227650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       881478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       881478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       730562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       730562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1612040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1612040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1612040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1612040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124545.240643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124545.240643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119293.417219                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119293.417219                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124423.586112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124423.586112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124423.586112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124423.586112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    563597395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563597395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1334247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1334247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    564931642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564931642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    564931642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564931642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101769.121524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101769.121524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 78485.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78485.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101697.865347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101697.865347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101697.865347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101697.865347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              507.763132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              995509785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1933028.708738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.763132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1246683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1246683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7954810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7954810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7954810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7954810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7954810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7954810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165725.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165725.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165725.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165725.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165725.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165725.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6766231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6766231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6766231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6766231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6766231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6766231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169155.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169155.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169155.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169155.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169155.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169155.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              151803338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35534.489232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.903712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.096288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.870718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.129282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       857015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       719839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       719839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1576854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1576854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1576854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1576854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1523603237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1523603237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7606580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7606580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1531209817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1531209817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1531209817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1531209817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       869836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       869836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       719926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       719926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1589762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1589762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118836.536698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118836.536698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87431.954023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87431.954023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118624.869616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118624.869616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118624.869616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118624.869616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    399376331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399376331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1041035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1041035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    400417366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400417366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    400417366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    400417366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99819.127968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99819.127968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69402.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69402.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99705.519422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99705.519422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99705.519422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99705.519422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              552.112009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              915062425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1639896.818996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.048839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.063170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.041745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1243878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1243878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1243878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1243878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1243878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6421342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6421342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6421342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6421342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6421342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6421342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1243919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1243919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1243919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156618.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156618.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156618.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156618.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156618.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156618.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5044631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5044631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5044631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162730.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162730.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162730.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162730.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162730.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162730.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204293427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34157.068550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.687966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.312034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.721437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.278563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1850631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       338812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2189443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2189443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2179134225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2179134225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3925128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3925128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2183059353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2183059353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2183059353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2183059353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1870613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       338857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2209470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2209470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109054.860625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109054.860625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87225.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87225.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109005.809807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109005.809807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109005.809807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109005.809807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    580895913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    580895913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       620583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       620583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    581516496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    581516496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    581516496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    581516496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101626.296886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101626.296886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68953.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68953.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101574.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101574.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101574.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101574.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              506.876148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              995510156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1940565.606238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.876148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1247054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1247054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1247054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1247054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1247054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7790591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7790591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7790591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7790591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7790591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7790591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1247102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1247102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1247102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162303.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162303.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162303.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162303.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162303.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162303.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6339741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6339741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6339741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166835.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166835.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166835.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166835.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166835.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166835.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151803928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35443.363997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.996927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.003073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.871082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.128918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       857193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       720255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1577448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1577448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1577448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1577448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1519363463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1519363463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7346019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7346019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1526709482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1526709482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1526709482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1526709482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       870061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       870061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       720340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       720340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1734                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1590401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1590401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118073.007694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118073.007694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86423.752941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86423.752941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117865.319385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117865.319385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117865.319385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117865.319385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    397923744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397923744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1035890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1035890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    398959634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398959634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    398959634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398959634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99183.385842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99183.385842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69059.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69059.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99071.178048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99071.178048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99071.178048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99071.178048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              487.064103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998617624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2025593.557809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.064103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1255104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1255104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1255104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1255104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1255104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7570328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7570328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7570328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7570328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7570328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7570328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1255153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1255153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1255153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154496.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154496.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154496.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154496.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154496.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154496.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6052286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6052286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6052286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159270.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159270.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159270.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159270.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159270.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159270.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148107226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 3999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37036.065516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   217.033593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    38.966407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.847787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.152213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       999014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       741135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1002153365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002153365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6059915                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6059915                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1008213280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008213280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1008213280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1008213280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1008584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       741207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1749791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1749791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104718.219958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104718.219958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84165.486111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84165.486111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104564.745903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104564.745903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104564.745903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104564.745903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    356622686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356622686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1114072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1114072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    357736758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357736758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    357736758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357736758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95660.591738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95660.591738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74271.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74271.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95574.875234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95574.875234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95574.875234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95574.875234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.345017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              998617609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2029710.587398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.345017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1255089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1255089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1255089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8322895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8322895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8322895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8322895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8322895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8322895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1255138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1255138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1255138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       169855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       169855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       169855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       169855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       169855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       169855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6478029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6478029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6478029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175081.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175081.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175081.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175081.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175081.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175081.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148107042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36952.854790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   217.046601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    38.953399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.847838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.152162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       999001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       741015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1740016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1740016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003014824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1003014824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5376554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5376554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1008391378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008391378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1008391378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1008391378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1008609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       741083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104393.716070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104393.716070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79066.970588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79066.970588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104215.727367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104215.727367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104215.727367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104215.727367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    357041690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357041690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1055152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1055152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    358096842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358096842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    358096842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358096842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95542.330747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95542.330747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70343.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70343.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95441.589019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95441.589019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95441.589019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95441.589019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.979726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              996790550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1924306.081081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.979726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1228104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1228104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1228104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1228104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1228104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7426446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7426446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7426446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7426446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7426446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7426446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1228151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1228151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1228151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158009.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158009.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158009.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158009.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158009.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158009.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6079484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6079484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6079484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168874.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168874.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168874.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168874.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168874.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168874.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157693425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             27169.783770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.271811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.728189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.883874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.116126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       864603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       730546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1595149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1595149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2373676900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2373676900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53533919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53533919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2427210819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2427210819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2427210819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2427210819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       883713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       730999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       730999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1614712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1614712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124211.245421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124211.245421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118176.421634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118176.421634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124071.503297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124071.503297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124071.503297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124071.503297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            2015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14015                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14015                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    552774088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552774088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1286305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1286305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    554060393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554060393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    554060393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554060393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99941.075393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99941.075393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        75665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99866.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99866.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99866.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99866.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.557699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              996789897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1924304.820463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.557699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1227451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1227451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1227451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1227451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1227451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1227451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1227498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1227498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1227498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1227498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1227498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1227498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165553.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165553.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165553.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165553.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165553.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165553.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6267573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6267573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6267573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6267573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6267573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6267573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174099.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174099.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174099.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174099.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174099.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174099.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              157692164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             27188.304138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.279173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.720827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.883903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.116097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       863331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       730607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1593938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1593938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1593938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1593938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2359457956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2359457956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     54835219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54835219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2414293175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2414293175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2414293175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2414293175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       882330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       731064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1679                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1613394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1613394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1613394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1613394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124188.533923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124188.533923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119989.538293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119989.538293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124089.904143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124089.904143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124089.904143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124089.904143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    558367366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558367366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1512890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1512890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    559880256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559880256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    559880256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559880256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101025.396418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101025.396418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88993.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88993.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100988.502165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100988.502165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100988.502165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100988.502165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              572.206052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026156882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1769236.003448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.408006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.798046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.868266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1215556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1215556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1215556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1215556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1215556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7838222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7838222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7838222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7838222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7838222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7838222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1215605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1215605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1215605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159963.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159963.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159963.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159963.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159963.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159963.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6124551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6124551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6124551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6124551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6124551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6124551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165528.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165528.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165528.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165528.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165528.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165528.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404460546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48374.661643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.071947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.928053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3180662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3180662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1740134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4920796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4920796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4920796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4920796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3225587994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3225587994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2737694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2737694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3228325688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3228325688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3228325688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3228325688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3209088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1740163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4949251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4949251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4949251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4949251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113473.158165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113473.158165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94403.241379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94403.241379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113453.723001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113453.723001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113453.723001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113453.723001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    844352453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844352453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       791305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       791305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    845143758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    845143758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    845143758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    845143758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104292.546072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104292.546072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87922.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87922.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104274.368661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104274.368661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104274.368661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104274.368661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              552.382893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              915062955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1642841.929982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.319669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.063224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1244408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1244408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1244408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1244408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1244408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6049885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6049885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6049885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6049885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6049885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6049885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1244447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1244447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1244447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155125.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155125.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155125.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155125.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155125.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155125.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4861124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4861124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4861124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162037.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162037.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162037.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162037.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162037.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162037.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              204293057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             34060.196232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   183.722971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    72.277029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.717668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.282332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1849968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       339109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2189077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2189077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2151795164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2151795164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4389452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4389452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2156184616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2156184616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2156184616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2156184616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1869891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       339154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2209045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2209045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108005.579682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108005.579682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97543.377778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97543.377778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107982.002003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107982.002003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107982.002003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107982.002003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    577967100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577967100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       702302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       702302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    578669402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578669402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    578669402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578669402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100814.076400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100814.076400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78033.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78033.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100778.370254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100778.370254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100778.370254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100778.370254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              507.218004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              995510041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1933029.205825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.218004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1246939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1246939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1246939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1246939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1246939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7898575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7898575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7898575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7898575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7898575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7898575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1246988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1246988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1246988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161195.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161195.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161195.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161195.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161195.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161195.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6571900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6571900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6571900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6571900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164297.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164297.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164297.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164297.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164297.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164297.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              151805366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35460.258351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.914952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    33.085048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.870762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.129238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       857959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       720926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1578885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1578885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1578885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1578885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1516519176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1516519176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6682248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6682248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1523201424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1523201424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1523201424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1523201424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       870868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       870868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       721008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1591876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1591876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117477.664885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117477.664885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81490.829268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81490.829268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117250.513740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117250.513740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117250.513740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117250.513740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    395585544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    395585544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       974898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       974898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    396560442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    396560442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    396560442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    396560442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98649.761596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98649.761596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64993.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64993.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98524.333416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98524.333416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98524.333416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98524.333416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.224650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              996790906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1920599.048170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.224650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1228460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1228460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8043475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8043475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8043475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8043475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8043475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8043475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171137.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171137.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171137.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171137.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171137.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171137.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6558830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6558830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6558830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6558830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6558830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6558830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177265.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177265.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177265.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177265.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177265.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177265.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157693672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             27183.877263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.287274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.712726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.883935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.116065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       864206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       731247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1595453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1595453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2356374415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2356374415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54965097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54965097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2411339512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2411339512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2411339512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2411339512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       883345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       731702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1615047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1615047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123118.993417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123118.993417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120802.410989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120802.410989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123065.199143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123065.199143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123065.199143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123065.199143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    547277539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547277539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1361077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1361077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    548638616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    548638616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    548638616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    548638616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99001.001990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99001.001990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 80063.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80063.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98942.942471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98942.942471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98942.942471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98942.942471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              512.411051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              996789956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1920597.217726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.411051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1227510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1227510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1227510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1227510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1227510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1227510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7834820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7834820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7834820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7834820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7834820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7834820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1227557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1227557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1227557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1227557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1227557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1227557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166698.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166698.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166698.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6443175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6443175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6443175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6443175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6443175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6443175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174139.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174139.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174139.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              157694055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             27174.574358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   226.282522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    29.717478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.883916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.116084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       864711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       731063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1595774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1595774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2344230689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2344230689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53199515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53199515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2397430204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2397430204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2397430204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2397430204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       883719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       731519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1615238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1615238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123328.634733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123328.634733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116665.603070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116665.603070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123172.534114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123172.534114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123172.534114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123172.534114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    557800492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557800492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1394268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1394268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    559194760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559194760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    559194760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559194760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100868.081736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100868.081736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82015.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82015.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100810.304669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100810.304669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100810.304669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100810.304669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              487.788872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998618061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2021494.050607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.788872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1255541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1255541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7733746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7733746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7733746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7733746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7733746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7733746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157831.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157831.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157831.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157831.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157831.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157831.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6310908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6310908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6310908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6310908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161818.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161818.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161818.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161818.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161818.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161818.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148108047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37091.922615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   217.031269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    38.968731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.847778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.152222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       999741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       741265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1741006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1741006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    986147412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    986147412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4908897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4908897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    991056309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    991056309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    991056309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    991056309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1009278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       741335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1750613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1750613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103402.266121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103402.266121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70127.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70127.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103159.811492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103159.811492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103159.811492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103159.811492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    353214994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353214994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       965392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       965392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    354180386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354180386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    354180386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354180386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94873.756111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94873.756111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68956.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68956.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94776.662028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94776.662028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94776.662028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94776.662028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
