
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 284324                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   367817                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  25889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67750740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41536.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11809746687                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277717581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               484096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       207616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            207616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     55945270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     15355191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     15593256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20473588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               450180874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36781039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         193070698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              193070698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         193070698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     55945270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     15355191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     15593256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20473588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              643251572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         201156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81264                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1927156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1124611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            201156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        96795                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              232887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         58938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       106210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles          788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2304438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2071551     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10715      0.46%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16361      0.71%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22603      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          23882      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20497      0.89%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10783      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17364      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         110682      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2304438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.436108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1908399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       126248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          232287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1377696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1914015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         20230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        93573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          227034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1376339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1921630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6397588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6397588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1636493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         285137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           38710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       129329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        68969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        32632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1295701                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2304438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1744055     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239700     10.40%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119450      5.18%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81655      3.54%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64790      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27130      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17457      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9024      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1177      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2304438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          870     37.42%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1177     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090567     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19201      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117099      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68673      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1295701                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4898465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1274261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1298026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373930                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1276320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             178841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         181152                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            68655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.494938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1274327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1274261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          732372                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1973428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.494140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1173662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200282                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2267313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1774876     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249411     11.00%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89117      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42614      1.88%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43003      1.90%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21290      0.94%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14028      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8247      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24727      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2267313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       953827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1173662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               173976                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              106337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           169231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1057463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3616517                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2785016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 30975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                274308                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            953827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1173662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       953827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.703578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.703578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.369880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.369880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5740779                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1776893                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1276874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1119415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        96945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              232322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         58728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        93178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          119341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21280                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2288032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2055710     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10690      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16738      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22784      1.00%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          23778      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20273      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10755      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17182      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110122      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2288032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.434093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1905979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       113096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          231769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1371586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1911504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        78900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          226614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1370585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1914455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6370767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6370767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1632485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         281955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           37823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       128955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        68662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        32677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1368046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1291703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165354                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398998                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2288032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1729088     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239496     10.47%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119041      5.20%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81192      3.55%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64584      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27026      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17371      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9015      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1219      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2288032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          862     37.24%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087123     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19148      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116915      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68357      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1291703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.500904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4874036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1533745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1294018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         19109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1368386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         180591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            68336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.493358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1270323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1270246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          730412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1966497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.492583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1170674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2251187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1759832     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249123     11.07%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88793      3.94%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42407      1.88%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42890      1.91%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21197      0.94%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14060      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8241      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24644      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2251187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       951440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1170674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               173505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              106054                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           168779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1054764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24093                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3594916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2773636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                290714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            951440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1170674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       951440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.710361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.710361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.368955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.368955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5722929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1772279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1271253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         150599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16292                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63218                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1454362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts               889028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            150599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        71890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              182235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         51157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       159572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines           91151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      1830457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1648222     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9552      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          15287      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23043      1.26%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4           9340      0.51%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11150      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          12020      0.66%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           8228      0.45%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          93615      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      1830457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.058400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.344752                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1435542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       178991                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          180761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        34004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        24256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1077349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        34004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1439430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         81040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        84592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          178077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1074471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2301                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1470511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5006205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5006205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1204528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         265963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           34274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       109229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        59874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        11404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1070333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          229                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued          996424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       390326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1830457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405067     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172750      9.44%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95790      5.23%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62646      3.42%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56860      3.11%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17464      0.95%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12619      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4406      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2855      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1830457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          878     38.90%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1093     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       821039     82.40%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18271      1.83%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98504      9.89%     94.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58501      5.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total       996424                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.386399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2257                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3827472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1238510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses       998681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4706                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24059                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          773                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        34004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         71046                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1070562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10085                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        18774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             151589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         133141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            58375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.380506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent               977538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count              977442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          579578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1470261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.379038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.394201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       879746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        16536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1796453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1439323     80.12%     80.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170323      9.48%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70423      3.92%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36285      2.02%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26832      1.49%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15536      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9586      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7962      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20183      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1796453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       721412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       879746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               140875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads               85165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           122196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          795362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            2847597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2176682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 26078                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                748289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            721412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              879746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       721412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.574582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.574582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.279753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.279753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        4452864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1337026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1020137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         170802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1796695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1071528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            170802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        68022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              211104                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         34311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       300931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          104794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2120957     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7391      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          15206      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6347      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          34446      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          31228      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5524      0.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12443      0.53%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          98519      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2332061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1778792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       319267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          210128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        14996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1255961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1781752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        287245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        23280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          208111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1253995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           86                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1478791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5900317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5900317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1271383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         207402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       293622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       146997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1187490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905734     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130077      5.58%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104962      4.50%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45840      1.97%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57302      2.46%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53689      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30367      1.30%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2606      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1484      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22539     86.04%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747031     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10298      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283706     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146385     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1187490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26197                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4734206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1369005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        281426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1249017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             428953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         153819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           146358                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.456669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1175139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1175037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          636058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1257746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.455662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        10735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904151     82.47%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149191      6.46%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69243      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68365      2.96%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18751      0.81%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78123      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6177      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4329      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10606      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       945228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1110604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               423827                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              278303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           146532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          987613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        10606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3547465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2521412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 39886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                246685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1110604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.728174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.728174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.366546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.366546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5816562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1368084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1487349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         150742                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1454463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               890217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            150742                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        71716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              182303                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         50680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       172592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines           91142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      1843243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1660940     90.11%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9600      0.52%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          15059      0.82%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22957      1.25%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4           9429      0.51%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11318      0.61%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11970      0.65%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8310      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          93660      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      1843243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.058468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.345290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1435353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       192310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          180840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        33600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        24369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1078522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        33600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1439294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         81493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        98861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          178095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        11897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1075412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          850                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1472643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5009795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5009795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1207712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         264799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          236                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           34493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       109119                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        60012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2989                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1071268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued          997854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1843243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.228945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1417295     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172948      9.38%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95979      5.21%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62614      3.40%     94.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56962      3.09%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17499      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12664      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4477      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1843243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           276     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          932     40.33%     52.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1103     47.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       822049     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18308      1.83%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98698      9.89%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58689      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total       997854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.387039                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3843111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1237605                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       978929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1000165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23699                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4114                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          782                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        33600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         70036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1294                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1071504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109119                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          690                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts       982672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             152021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         133402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            58560                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.381150                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent               979023                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count              978929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          580431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1470570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.379698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       723447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       882099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1809643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.331349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1451857     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170613      9.43%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70520      3.90%     93.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36297      2.01%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26846      1.48%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15565      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9624      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7966      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20355      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1809643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       723447                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       882099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               141301                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               85411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           122465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          797509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        17193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            2861356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2177845                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 26109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                734932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            723447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              882099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       723447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.563737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.563737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.280604                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.280604                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4459399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1339245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1021786                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         149981                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14934                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1450285                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               887207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            149981                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        71295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              181782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         50758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       150509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           90821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16096                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1816626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.594345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1634844     89.99%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9565      0.53%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15035      0.83%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22943      1.26%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9390      0.52%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11134      0.61%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11729      0.65%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8254      0.45%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          93732      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1816626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.058160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.344046                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1431022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       170353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          180398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1086                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        33766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1076215                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        33766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1434926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         74664                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        83915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          177653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1073273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1468757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5002481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5002481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1204360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         264366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           34135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       109422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1069109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued          995408                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1816626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1391941     76.62%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172521      9.50%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95336      5.25%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62516      3.44%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56990      3.14%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17414      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12591      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4445      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2872      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1816626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           272     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          920     40.17%     52.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1098     47.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       819511     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18247      1.83%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98938      9.94%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58603      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total       995408                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.386005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3811630                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1237098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       976332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses       997698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4347                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          804                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        33766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         64909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1333                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1069341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       980248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             151959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         132845                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.380126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               976432                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              976332                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          578391                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1467804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.378607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394052                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       879618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190505                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1782860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1425934     79.98%     79.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170131      9.54%     89.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70441      3.95%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36328      2.04%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26760      1.50%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15537      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9485      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7966      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20278      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1782860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       721293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       879618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               140855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85153                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          795244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2832705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2174044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26002                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                762120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            721293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              879618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       721293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.575171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.575171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.279707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.279707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4448768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1335386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1018555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159862                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1115160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        94232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              243967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         60126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       150772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          116941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20856                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2302909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2058942     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          25615      1.11%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30231      1.31%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          16742      0.73%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          18928      0.82%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          10679      0.46%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7565      0.33%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          19266      0.84%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         114941      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2302909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1853890                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       166858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          241943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1811                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        38403                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1360919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        38403                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1857066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         14705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       143626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          240440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1359374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1890607                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6326739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6326739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1583765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         306832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25243                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       130410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69601                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1272210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2302909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1768305     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214732      9.32%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114997      4.99%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79738      3.46%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70367      3.06%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36083      1.57%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8634      0.37%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5841      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4212      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2302909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1293     44.66%     56.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065738     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19833      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117386      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69099      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1272210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.493344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2895                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002276                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4852013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249293                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        38403                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69601                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        23591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             179009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         174115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            69076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.485560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1249364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1249293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          743840                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1950337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.484458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1140609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1798781     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216082      9.54%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90463      3.99%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54075      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37614      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24391      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12889      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10057      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20154      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       929573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1140609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               172547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              104791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           163214                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1028361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3599774                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2749260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30655                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                275837                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            929573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1140609                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       929573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.774119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.774119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.360475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.360475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5646310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1736738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1267836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1118111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        94070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              244468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         60478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       142520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2051893     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          25938      1.13%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30151      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7512      0.33%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19217      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         115538      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2296361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1854190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       159208                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          242134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1364473                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1857613                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       135544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          240607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1362765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1894930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6340778                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6340778                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1584393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         310480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       130943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1357911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       441173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761429     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214373      9.34%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115634      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79635      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70413      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35908      1.56%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9061      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4230      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1300     44.83%     56.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1270     43.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1067005     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19787      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117640      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69104      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.493928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4848452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1276590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          245                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38703                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1358254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1253263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             179197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.486007                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1250362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1250288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          744113                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1951845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.484853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2257658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1791748     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216140      9.57%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90540      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54142      2.40%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37467      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24434      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12981      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10103      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20103      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2257658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       929962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1141115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               172640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           163302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1028829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3595741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2755158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30711                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                282334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1141115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.772904                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.772904                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.360633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.360633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5650631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1737968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1270838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         199645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1919287                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1116247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            199645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              231650                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       109655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          118988                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2065901     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10649      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16700      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          22701      0.99%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          23710      1.03%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          20223      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          10719      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17143      0.75%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         109805      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2297551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077419                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1899836                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       129552                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          231090                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        36726                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1367660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        36726                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1905351                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         20482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        96882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          225948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1366653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1908822                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6352506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6352506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1627700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         281117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           37797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       128581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        68487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          782                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        32571                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1364073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1287941                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740233     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238816     10.39%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118676      5.17%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80951      3.52%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64394      2.80%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26952      1.17%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17330      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8988      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1211      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          861     37.24%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1171     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083912     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19096      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116590      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68183      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1287941                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.499445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2312                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4876033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1290253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        36726                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         17605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1364413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1268556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             177808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         180066                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            68162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.491927                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1266639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1266563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          728283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1960597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.491155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       948700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1167307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1770882     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248421     10.99%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88514      3.92%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42295      1.87%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42770      1.89%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21136      0.93%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14014      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8215      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24578      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       948700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1167307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               173035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              105759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168278                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1051762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3600654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2765578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30951                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                281195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            948700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1167307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       948700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.718189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.718189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.367892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.367892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5706433                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1766972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1267699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         184204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1886987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1045109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            184204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       121917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              230390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         54768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        64400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          116149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2219591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.535080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1989201     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          32354      1.46%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19242      0.87%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          31715      1.43%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11913      0.54%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          29093      1.31%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5217      0.24%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9592      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          91264      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2219591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.071432                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.405278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1872386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        79683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          229775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1183547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1393                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1874370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         52271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        21771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          227880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1181068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1565648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5376712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5376712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1234268                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         331278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          167                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           15646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       199130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        37319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          353                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172577                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1086122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2219591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1747878     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154522      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147874      6.66%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88590      3.99%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50782      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13743      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15496      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          385      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          321      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2219591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2182     59.47%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          820     22.35%     81.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       860793     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9259      0.85%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179115     16.49%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36871      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1086122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.421182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3669                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003378                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4396698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1406659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1055143                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1089791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         46593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7961                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1069151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175627                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             212487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         160361                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.414601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1055562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1055143                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          635639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1446136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.409169                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.439543                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       821041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       936212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2182128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826876     83.72%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143905      6.59%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87544      4.01%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28956      1.33%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45109      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9824      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6432      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5653      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27829      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2182128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       821041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       936212                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               189631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              153603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           142439                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          821833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3326970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2382942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                359155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            821041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              936212                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       821041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.140825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.140825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.318388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.318388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4944057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1390624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1229789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         183743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11980                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1882541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1042633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            183743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       121686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              229832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         54639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        69397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          115874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16363                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2219500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.533704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.795852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1989668     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          32304      1.46%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19176      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          31665      1.43%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11870      0.53%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          29055      1.31%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5195      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9555      0.43%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          91012      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2219500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.071253                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.404318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1868024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        84596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          229214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1180459                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1870003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         53945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        25044                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          227323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1177994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1561466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5362445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5362445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1230977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         330466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           15549                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       198805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        37152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169556                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1083276                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494779                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2219500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1749004     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154029      6.94%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147604      6.65%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88407      3.98%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50631      2.28%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13678      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15444      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          384      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          319      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2219500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2174     59.48%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          816     22.33%     81.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          665     18.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       858449     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9217      0.85%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178814     16.51%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36712      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1083276                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.420079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003374                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4390901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1403124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052392                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45433                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         48299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7943                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17843                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1066376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             212045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         159960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            36700                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.413525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1052808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1052392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          634065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1441864                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.408102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.439754                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       819130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       933814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2182119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1827866     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143423      6.57%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87332      4.00%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28878      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45019      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9780      0.45%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6411      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5629      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27781      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2182119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       819130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       933814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               189267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              153372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           142087                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          819648                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12760                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        27781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3324094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2376924                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                359246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            819130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              933814                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       819130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.148152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.148152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.317647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.317647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4931524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1386908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1226934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         201320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21446                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80657                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76750                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1932451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1126164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            201320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        97045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              233524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        90580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          119794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2294070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2060546     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10837      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16736      0.73%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          22773      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          23959      1.04%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20362      0.89%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10652      0.46%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17179      0.75%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111026      4.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2294070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.078069                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.436710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1912833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       110638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          232958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          354                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1379486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1918415                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         17708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        80482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          227732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1378368                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1924876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6406194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6406194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1639491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         285385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           38917                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       129511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        31981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2294070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732807     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240185     10.47%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119831      5.22%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81441      3.55%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64612      2.82%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27197      1.19%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17832      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8916      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1249      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2294070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          857     36.97%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1183     51.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092538     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19246      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117294      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68760      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297999                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503345                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4892674                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1300317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2770                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22974                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         14783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24293                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1278499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             179227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         181395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            68745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1276463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1276396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          733758                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1976070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.494968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200426                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21491                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2256787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763472     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249903     11.07%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89250      3.95%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42727      1.89%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42960      1.90%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21328      0.95%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14113      0.63%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8222      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24812      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2256787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       955544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1175792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               174291                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              106537                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           169541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1059374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24208                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24812                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3608180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2789724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                284676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            955544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1175792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       955544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.698720                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.698720                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.370546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.370546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5750765                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1780308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1278722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         201258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76722                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1931886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1125849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            201258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97013                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              233457                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        87544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          119757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2290388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2056931     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10833      0.47%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16730      0.73%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          22771      0.99%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          23944      1.05%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20358      0.89%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10647      0.46%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17174      0.75%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         111000      4.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2290388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078045                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.436588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1912262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       107611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          232887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1379091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1917837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         22344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        72818                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          227668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1377985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1924334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6404419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6404419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1639056                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         285278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           38903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       129481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        31974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2290388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1729265     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240139     10.48%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119790      5.23%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81425      3.56%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64595      2.82%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27187      1.19%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17819      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8920      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1248      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2290388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          857     36.97%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1183     51.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092223     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19242      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117273      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68748      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297647                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4888285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1299965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22967                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         19409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1278154                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             179198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         181343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            68733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.495649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1276113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1276046                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          733563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1975491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.494832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200337                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2253119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.348398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1759939     78.11%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249837     11.09%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89220      3.96%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42712      1.90%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42949      1.91%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21323      0.95%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14111      0.63%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8222      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24806      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2253119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       955293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1175492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               174256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              106514                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           169494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1059109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24806                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3604129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2788932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31123                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                288358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            955293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1175492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       955293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.699429                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.699429                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.370449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.370449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5749233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1779803                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1278382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         224367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186742                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79690                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1940561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1230485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            224367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              255783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       167884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          121842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20725                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2154650     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15583      0.65%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19618      0.81%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31372      1.30%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12632      0.52%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          16777      0.70%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19362      0.80%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9079      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         131360      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2410433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.087006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.477165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1935708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       180652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          254486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1503335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1938155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       169550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1493129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2086294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6938559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6938559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1716068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         370226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       141415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16004                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1386322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824499     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265781     11.03%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110137      4.57%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61406      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82686      3.43%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25931      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25400      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13494      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1099      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9699     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.96%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1250     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1167864     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18811      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127620      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71858      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1386322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.537596                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12297                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5197189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             196902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.527893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1348600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1348569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          807747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2168956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522956                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372413                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1849798     78.02%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264539     11.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95730      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47613      2.01%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43700      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18410      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18208      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8713      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24259      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       998346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1229999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           178324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1107290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3803579                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2953230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                168309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            998346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1229999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       998346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.583014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.583014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6121733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1886704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1388582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         170901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1799362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1072222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            170901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        68188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              211205                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         34400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       300332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          104958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2123075     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           7359      0.32%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          15235      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           6286      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          34483      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          31260      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5628      0.24%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12572      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          98382      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2334280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.066273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.415792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1780521                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       319594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          210251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        23173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        15031                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1256578                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        23173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1783565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        281127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        29565                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          208198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8646                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1254668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         4004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1479334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5903769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5903769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1272464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         206864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       294074                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       147335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         7082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1188995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          989                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       294527                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1907465     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130055      5.57%     87.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105467      4.52%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45685      1.96%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57207      2.45%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53747      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30641      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2562      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1451      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2957     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22669     86.15%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          686      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747786     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10313      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284149     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146677     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1188995                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461075                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26312                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022130                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4739571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1369863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1176577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1999                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        23173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        275260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250159                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294074                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1450                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        12350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283123                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             429769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         154065                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           146646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.457244                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1176687                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1176577                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          636811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1258809                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.456259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138505                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        10769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1905823     82.46%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149312      6.46%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69394      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68576      2.97%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18589      0.80%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78364      3.39%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6162      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4293      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10594      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       946262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1111779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               424532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              278773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           146673                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          988647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        10594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3550797                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2523761                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 40029                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                244466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            946262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1111779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       946262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.725192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.725192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.366947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.366947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5824536                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1369876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1488927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.430556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.193878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.430556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.193878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.430556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.193878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2046.558277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.558277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.295641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    59.484425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1932.219933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.943467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88612445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95457185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     184069630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88612445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95457185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      184069630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88612445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95457185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     184069630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3281942.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837343.728070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305458.368794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3281942.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837343.728070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305458.368794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3281942.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 837343.728070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305458.368794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86241305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85445215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171686520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86241305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85445215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171686520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86241305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     85445215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171686520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3194122.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749519.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217634.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3194122.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749519.429825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217634.893617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3194122.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 749519.429825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217634.893617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.550486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.550486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.278431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    59.329828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1932.391742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.012831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.028970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.943551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      182356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82821037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99534963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     182356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3067445.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 873113.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1293304.964539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80450437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     89525763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169976200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2979645.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785313.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205504.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2044.960023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          86607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        34.070417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks         113.916856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.299797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   218.511446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1700.231924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.106695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.830191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.998516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 492                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12483461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    458343022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     470826483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32326915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32326915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12483461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    490669937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      503153398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12483461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    490669937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     503153398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.587450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 960266.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1041688.686364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1039352.059603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 828895.256410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828895.256410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 960266.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1024363.125261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1022669.508130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 960266.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1024363.125261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1022669.508130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                266                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     266                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11341468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    419701591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431043059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28900352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28900352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11341468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    448601943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    459943411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11341468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    448601943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    459943411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.587450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 872420.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953867.252273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951529.931567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 741034.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741034.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 872420.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 936538.503132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 934844.331301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 872420.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 936538.503132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 934844.331301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.584305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.547947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   176.598231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1853.269517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.086230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.904917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349655114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     361815557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349655114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      361815557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349655114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     361815557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960590.972527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959722.962865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960590.972527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959722.962865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960590.972527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959722.962865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317690262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328709305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317690262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328709305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317690262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328709305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872775.445055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871907.970822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872775.445055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871907.970822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872775.445055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871907.970822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2045.331563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          86610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        34.058199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.815619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.298199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   216.065363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1702.152382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.105501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.831129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11842861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    457088930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     468931791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37400979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37400979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11842861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    494489909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      506332770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11842861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    494489909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     506332770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.589096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 910989.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1031803.453725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028359.190789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1010837.270270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010837.270270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 910989.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1030187.310417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1027044.158215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 910989.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1030187.310417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1027044.158215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10701461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    418281330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428982791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34152379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34152379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10701461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452433709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463135170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10701461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452433709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463135170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.589096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.608365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823189.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944201.647856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940751.734649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 923037.270270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923037.270270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823189.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942570.227083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939422.251521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823189.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942570.227083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939422.251521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          488                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2045.244978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.191078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.597474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.311357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   216.258584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1701.077563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.830604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 355                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 483                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12158980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    447386824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459545804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34825876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34825876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12158980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    482212700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      494371680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12158980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    482212700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     494371680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             355                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 935306.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1035617.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1032687.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 916470.421053                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916470.421053                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 935306.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1025984.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1023543.850932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 935306.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1025984.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1023543.850932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                261                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     261                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11016871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    409442885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420459756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31487040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31487040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11016871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    440929925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451946796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11016871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    440929925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451946796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.604113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 847451.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 947784.456019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944853.384270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828606.315789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828606.315789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 847451.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938148.776596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935707.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 847451.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938148.776596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935707.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.417732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.657391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.844506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.588531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    71.761005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1864.223690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.035040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.910265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14705780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106679614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121385394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14705780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106679614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      121385394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14705780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106679614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     121385394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 980385.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826973.751938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842954.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 980385.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826973.751938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842954.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 980385.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826973.751938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842954.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13388001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95352576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108740577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13388001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95352576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108740577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13388001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     95352576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108740577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892533.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 739167.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755142.895833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 739167.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755142.895833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 892533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 739167.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755142.895833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          145                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.051967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.629275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.242262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.734786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    71.605236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1864.469683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 147                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106061151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121334529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1093735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107154886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      122428264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15273378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107154886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     122428264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.308017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.309474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 803493.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831058.417808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1093735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 805675.834586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832845.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1090955.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 805675.834586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832845.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     94644874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108689052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1005935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95650809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109694987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14044178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95650809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109694987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 717006.621212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744445.561644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1005935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719179.015038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746224.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1003155.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 719179.015038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746224.401361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.539526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.539526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.288008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    59.004086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1932.707906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.012836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.943705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70676087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102064620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     172740707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70676087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102064620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      172740707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70676087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    102064620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     172740707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617632.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895303.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1225111.397163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617632.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895303.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1225111.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617632.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 895303.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1225111.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68297777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92003117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160300894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68297777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92003117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160300894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68297777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92003117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160300894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2529547.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807044.885965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136885.773050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2529547.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807044.885965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136885.773050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2529547.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 807044.885965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136885.773050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          185                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.970678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          51306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.976265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.970678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.230489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    98.030466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1903.739045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.929560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11575821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128539918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     140115739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11575821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128539918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      140115739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11575821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128539918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     140115739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.392405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.392405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.392405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 890447.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 743005.306358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 753310.424731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 890447.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 743005.306358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 753310.424731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 890447.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 743005.306358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 753310.424731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10434421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    113438318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123872739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10434421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    113438318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123872739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10434421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    113438318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123872739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 802647.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 655712.820809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665982.467742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 802647.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 655712.820809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665982.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 802647.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 655712.820809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665982.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.973013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          51304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.985663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.973013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.247543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    98.596864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1903.155593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.929275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10295457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    137166742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147462199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10295457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    137166742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      147462199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10295457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    137166742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     147462199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 791958.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 802144.690058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801424.994565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 791958.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 802144.690058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801424.994565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 791958.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 802144.690058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801424.994565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9154057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122147838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131301895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9154057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122147838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131301895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9154057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122147838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131301895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704158.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 714314.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713597.255435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704158.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 714314.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713597.255435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 704158.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 714314.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713597.255435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.553774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.553774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.303355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    59.487988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1932.208656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.012843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.943461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74933957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94028661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168962618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74933957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94028661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      168962618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74933957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94028661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     168962618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2775331.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824812.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1198316.439716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2775331.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824812.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1198316.439716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2775331.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824812.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1198316.439716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72562871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84019461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156582332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72562871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84019461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156582332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72562871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84019461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156582332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2687513.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737012.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110512.992908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2687513.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737012.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110512.992908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2687513.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737012.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110512.992908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.559720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.559720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.276339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    59.486098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1932.237563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.012830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.943475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73194529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96905640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170100169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73194529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96905640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      170100169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73194529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96905640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     170100169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2710908.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850049.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1206384.177305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2710908.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850049.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1206384.177305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2710908.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850049.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1206384.177305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70823929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86895149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157719078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70823929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86895149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157719078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70823929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86895149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157719078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2623108.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 762238.149123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118575.021277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2623108.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 762238.149123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118575.021277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2623108.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 762238.149123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118575.021277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.877134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.877134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.740478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    38.158761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1950.100761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.952198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92110091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73275687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165385778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92110091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73275687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      165385778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92110091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73275687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     165385778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3542695.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017717.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687609.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3542695.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017717.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687609.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3542695.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017717.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687609.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89827291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66953412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156780703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89827291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66953412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156780703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89827291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66953412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156780703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3454895.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929908.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599803.091837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3454895.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929908.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599803.091837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3454895.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929908.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599803.091837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          379                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        46.669139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.587678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.357303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.503746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1851.551273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.086183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.904078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 379                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11516541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    344893760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     356410301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11516541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    344893760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      356410301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11516541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    344893760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     356410301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.514124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.524205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.514124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.524205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.514124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.524205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 767769.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947510.329670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940396.572559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 767769.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947510.329670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940396.572559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 767769.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947510.329670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940396.572559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10198825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    312928158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323126983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10198825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    312928158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323126983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10198825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    312928158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    323126983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.514124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.514124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.514124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 679921.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859692.741758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852577.791557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 679921.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859692.741758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852577.791557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 679921.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859692.741758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852577.791557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              502.277033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746680929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1484455.127237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.277033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96304265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96304265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96304265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96304265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96304265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96304265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2407606.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2407606.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2407606.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       899702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       449851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88901845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88901845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88901845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88901845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88901845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88901845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3175065.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3175065.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3175065.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              112792446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             171939.704268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   157.680721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    98.319279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.615940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.384060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        67308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       148019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         148019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       148019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        148019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    404883936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    404883936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1162208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1162208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    406046144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406046144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    406046144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406046144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        67322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       149323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       149323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 313863.516279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313863.516279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83014.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83014.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 311385.079755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114775952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114775952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114968252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114968252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114968252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114968252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289108.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289108.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287420.630000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              502.260351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746680840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1484454.950298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.260351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         119302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        119302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95521216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95521216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       119340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       119340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2513716.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       900423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 450211.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83111672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83111672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2968274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              112792139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             171939.236280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   157.546795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    98.453205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.615417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.384583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    439833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    439833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440992093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    440992093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    440992093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    440992093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340428.291796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340428.291796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82767.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337666.227412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118865158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118865158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    119057458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119057458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    119057458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119057458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 299408.458438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299408.458438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297643.645000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.411587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750383583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1494788.013944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.411587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        91133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        91133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total          91133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        91133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total         91133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15432701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15432701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15432701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15432701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15432701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15432701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        91151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        91151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total        91151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        91151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total        91151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 857372.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857372.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 857372.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857372.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 857372.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857372.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12591361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12591361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12591361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12591361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12591361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12591361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 968566.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968566.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 968566.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968566.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 968566.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968566.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              125035173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             119765.491379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   173.765320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    82.234680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.678771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.321229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         123479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        123479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1269662783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1269662783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    284284186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    284284186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1553946969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1553946969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1553946969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1553946969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       125714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       125714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.027015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 668595.462349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 668595.462349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846083.886905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846083.886905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 695278.285906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 695278.285906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 695278.285906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 695278.285906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    482760712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482760712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32650615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32650615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515411327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515411327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515411327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515411327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 644540.336449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644540.336449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 837195.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837195.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 654075.288071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 654075.288071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 654075.288071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 654075.288071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              555.546885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765680793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1377123.728417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.546885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287932013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             298375.143005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.565923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.434077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.396742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.603258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425827752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1425827752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425827752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1425827752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425827752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1425827752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539269.195159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539269.195159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539269.195159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539269.195159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539269.195159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539269.195159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376257874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376257874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376257874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376257874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376257874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376257874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530688.115656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530688.115656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530688.115656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530688.115656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530688.115656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530688.115656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              501.411042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750383574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1494787.996016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.411042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        91124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        91124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total          91124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        91124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total         91124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15784187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15784187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15784187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15784187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15784187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15784187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        91142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        91142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total        91142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        91142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total        91142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 876899.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876899.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876899.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11951381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11951381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11951381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       919337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       919337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       919337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125035449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             119765.755747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   173.301042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    82.698958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.676957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.323043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         123749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        123749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1230262068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1230262068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    340774285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    340774285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1571036353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1571036353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1571036353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1571036353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       126008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       126008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.026855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.017927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.017927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 650588.084611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650588.084611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926017.078804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926017.078804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 695456.552900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    481485085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481485085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37708079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37708079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    519193164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519193164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    519193164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519193164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 640272.719415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 640272.719415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1019137.270270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019137.270270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658039.498099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.419953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750383255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494787.360558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.419953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          90805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         90805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13357443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13357443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13357443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13357443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13357443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13357443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        90821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        90821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 834840.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834840.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 834840.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834840.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 834840.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834840.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12271080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12271080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12271080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12271080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12271080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12271080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 943929.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943929.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 943929.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943929.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 943929.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943929.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125035663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             120924.238878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.231237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.768763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.680591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.319409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       123965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         123965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       123965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        123965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1218517202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1218517202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    297041778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297041778                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1515558980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1515558980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1515558980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1515558980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        70747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 659370.780303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659370.780303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 860990.660870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860990.660870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 691089.366165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691089.366165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 691089.366165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691089.366165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             355                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    471668486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471668486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35141276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35141276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    506809762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506809762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    506809762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506809762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 637389.845946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637389.845946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 924770.421053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924770.421053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 651426.429306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 651426.429306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 651426.429306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 651426.429306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.587306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747244198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1503509.452716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.587306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         116921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        116921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19546780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19546780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19546780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19546780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19546780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19546780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       116941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       116941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       977339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       977339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       977339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14830619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14830619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14830619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14830619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14830619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14830619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 988707.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988707.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988707.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117744700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             165139.831697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   157.225370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    98.774630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.614162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.385838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         147666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        147666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    559233277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    559233277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     66311772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66311772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    625545049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    625545049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    625545049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625545049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        67432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       149356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       149356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351497.974230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351497.974230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 669815.878788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 669815.878788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 370144.999408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 370144.999408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 370144.999408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 370144.999408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1959048                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       653016                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129183243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129183243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129183243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129183243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    129183243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129183243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 282676.680525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282676.680525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 282676.680525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282676.680525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 282676.680525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282676.680525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.733643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747244323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1506540.973790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.733643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     20858443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20858443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834337.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     15390310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15390310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099307.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117744883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             164678.158042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   157.112045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    98.887955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.613719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.386281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         147854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        147854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    527717650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527717650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100450814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100450814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    628168464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    628168464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    628168464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    628168464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331897.893082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331897.893082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004508.140000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004508.140000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 371697.315976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2862194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1431097                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128577414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128577414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1102035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    129679449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129679449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    129679449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129679449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 279516.117391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279516.117391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1102035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281300.323210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              502.269652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746680486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1484454.246521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.269652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         118948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        118948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     84037657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84037657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     84037657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84037657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     84037657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84037657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       118988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       118988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2100941.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2100941.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2100941.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70974890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70974890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70974890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70974890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70974890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70974890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534817.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534817.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534817.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              112791752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             171938.646341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   157.161247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    98.838753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.613911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.386089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        66946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         147324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        147324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    412333063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412333063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1155672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    413488735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413488735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    413488735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413488735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        66960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 319143.237616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 319143.237616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        82548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 316606.994640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    121412604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121412604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    121604904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121604904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    121604904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121604904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 305825.198992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305825.198992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304012.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.229427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643363169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1193623.690167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.229427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         116133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        116133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13712189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13712189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13712189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13712189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13712189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13712189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       116149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       116149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 857011.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857011.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11683721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11683721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11683721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 898747.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898747.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150634178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             210382.930168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.820687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.179313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       194077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         194077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       194077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        194077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714223537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714223537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714223537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    714223537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714223537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    714223537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       195734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       195734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431034.120097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431034.120097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148867358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148867358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148867358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148867358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148867358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148867358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 322922.685466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322922.685466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              538.246481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              643362893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1193623.178108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.246481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         115857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       115857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        115857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13180004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13180004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13180004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13180004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13180004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13180004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       115874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       115874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       115874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       115874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       115874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 775294.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 775294.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 775294.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10403357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10403357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10403357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10403357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10403357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10403357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 800258.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800258.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800258.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              150633828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             211267.640954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   142.495311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   113.504689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.556622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.443378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       157999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        157999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       193728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         193728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       193728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        193728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    734659723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    734659723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    734659723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    734659723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    734659723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    734659723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       159644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       195373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       195373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 446601.655319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446601.655319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 446601.655319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446601.655319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 446601.655319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446601.655319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    157347904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157347904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    157347904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157347904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    157347904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157347904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344306.135667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344306.135667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344306.135667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344306.135667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344306.135667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344306.135667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              502.284886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746681296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1484455.856859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.284886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87419343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87419343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87419343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87419343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87419343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87419343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       119794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       119794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2428315.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2428315.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75230375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75230375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75230375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75230375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75230375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75230375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2686799.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686799.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112792659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             171940.028963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   157.598685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    98.401315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.615620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.384380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       148232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         148232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       148232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        148232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    413974019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    413974019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1156540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415130559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415130559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415130559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    415130559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        67437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       149546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       149546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318441.553077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318441.553077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        82610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315928.888128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 315928.888128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 315928.888128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 315928.888128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113362690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113362690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113554990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113554990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113554990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113554990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285548.337531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285548.337531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 283887.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283887.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 283887.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283887.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.256653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746681258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1484455.781312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.256653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       119720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       119720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         119720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       119720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        119720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85773749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85773749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85773749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85773749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85773749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85773749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       119757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       119757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       119757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       119757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       119757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2318209.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2318209.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73488929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73488929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73488929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2624604.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624604.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              112792638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             171939.996951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   157.571000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    98.429000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.615512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.384488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       148211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         148211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       148211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        148211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455857681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    455857681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1155868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457013549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    457013549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457013549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    457013549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        67425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 350659.754615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350659.754615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        82562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 347803.309741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 347803.309741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 347803.309741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 347803.309741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116254777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116254777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116447077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116447077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116447077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116447077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 292833.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292833.191436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 291117.692500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291117.692500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 291117.692500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291117.692500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              472.554647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750129766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1553063.697723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.554647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         121799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        121799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153175866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153175866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153175866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153175866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153175866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153175866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       121840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       121840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3735996.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3735996.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3735996.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3735996.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3735996.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3735996.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2762545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1381272.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92455783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92455783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92455783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92455783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92455783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92455783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3301992.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3301992.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3301992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3301992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3301992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3301992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              108893020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181791.352254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.376664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   138.623336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.541497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         166541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        166541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196359929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196359929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       993263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197353192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197353192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197353192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197353192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 232103.934988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232103.934988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82771.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82771.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230015.375291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230015.375291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230015.375291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230015.375291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91309725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91309725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       208431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91518156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91518156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91518156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91518156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 268558.014706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268558.014706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        69477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 266816.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266816.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 266816.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266816.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              557.356036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              765680955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1372188.091398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.356036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.023006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       104938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       104938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         104938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       104938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        104938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13834986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13834986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13834986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13834986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13834986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13834986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       104958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       104958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       104958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       104958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       104958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 691749.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 691749.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 691749.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691749.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 691749.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691749.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11686877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11686877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11686877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11686877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11686877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11686877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 779125.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779125.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 779125.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779125.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 779125.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779125.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              287932740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             298685.414938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   101.516551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   154.483449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.396549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.603451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       267309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       145618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       412927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         412927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       412927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        412927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1419840343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1419840343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1419840343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1419840343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1419840343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1419840343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       269961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       145618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       415579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       415579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 535384.744721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 535384.744721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 535384.744721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 535384.744721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 535384.744721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 535384.744721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    371377470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371377470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    371377470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    371377470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    371377470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371377470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 524544.449153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524544.449153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 524544.449153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524544.449153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 524544.449153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524544.449153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
