
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117605                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117604696884                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644706759792                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 293121                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   373223                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1980798                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67754880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59372.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17403298867                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22159124906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2500352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4654080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1622784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1622528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1624448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3954816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2436608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2512640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2443392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1159040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3949696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3940352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1624192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2442880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3963776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41687296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10862720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10862720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        36360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        30897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        30857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        30784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                325682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           84865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                84865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21260647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39573930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13798633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13796456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13812782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33628045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20718628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21365133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20776313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9841240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9855389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33584509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33505056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13810605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20771959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33704232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               354469652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             666096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          92366379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               92366379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          92366379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21260647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39573930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13798633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13796456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13812782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33628045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20718628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        39182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21365133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20776313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9841240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9855389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        43536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33584509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        43536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33505056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13810605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20771959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33704232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              446836031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20694309                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16967944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8582284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123732                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197498547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117652205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20694309                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10210508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25872956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5749932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18492212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12167905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245555767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219682811     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2802344      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3232967      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782022      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2068012      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1128526      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         771000      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009214      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12078871      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245555767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073377                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195901308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20119416                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25668411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193450                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3673176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3361789                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143621544                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93650                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3673176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196203970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6560352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12700505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25567589                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       850169                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143536141                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       222680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       392992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199441574                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668311528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668311528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29149842                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2276802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13702074                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7466014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197142                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143302659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135416780                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17938257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41467127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245555767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188503183     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22941400      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12326014      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537476      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465830      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3826540      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916156      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595376      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443792      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245555767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35281     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124806     42.87%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131071     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113345536     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119134      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12522791      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412735      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135416780                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291158                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516870801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161279808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133176958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135707938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2418391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          835                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8293                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4122                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3673176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6069062                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143340390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13702074                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20910                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133431368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11760781                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19171903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18667635                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7411122                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133178800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133176958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79150472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207321673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20653640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241882591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191762185     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23241343      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740658      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856646      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050859      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616607      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356676      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092164      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165453      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241882591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165453                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383057998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290356329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3023965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36469886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.820256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.820256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601882112                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184820605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134038082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18998002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17146155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       995643                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7105173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6790865                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201536982                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            119383365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18998002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7838266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23613503                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3142349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     28591284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11562013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       999733                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    255863661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      232250158     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         841851      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1721936      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         733689      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3922103      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3501168      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         674968      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1415549      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10802239      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    255863661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423307                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199449075                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     30692006                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23525965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        75224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2121386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1664443                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    139990731                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2810                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2121386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199715290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      28581705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1201390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23366305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       877578                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    139915706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       450506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       289685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5961                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    164276951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    658942908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    658942908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    145619830                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       18657108                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2040904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     33006818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     16686479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       809420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        139642352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16273                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       134175758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        75375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10863236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26164088                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255863661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207679752     81.17%     81.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14711934      5.75%     86.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11901070      4.65%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5144897      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6428141      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6089739      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3461689      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275912      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170527      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255863661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338351     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2579979     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75353      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84178624     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171657      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8034      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32169804     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16647639     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    134175758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2993683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527284234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150525330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133030550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    137169441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240246                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1289107                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          509                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3478                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2121386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      27907113                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       263470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139658714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33006818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16686479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162945                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3478                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       579596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       589810                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1169406                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133239998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32066217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           48712254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17460180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         16646037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133033927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133030550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        71877610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       141930400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108084123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    127016928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12656899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16193                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1017432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253742275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207504479     81.78%     81.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17017592      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7924709      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7793336      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2158149      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8919435      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       680571      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495319      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248685      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253742275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    108084123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    127016928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             48301976                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            31717711                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8084                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16773424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       112948602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1230389                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1248685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          392167092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         281469213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4327208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              26161992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         108084123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           127016928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    108084123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.609316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.609316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383242                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383242                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      658676638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     154490182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     166662050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21836412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17869344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2132409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8913500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8576653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2250377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96687                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210067011                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            122149143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21836412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10827030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25488947                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5840005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     11306873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12855516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2134348                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    250544654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      225055707     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1190280      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1885356      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2555690      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2629295      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2222075      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1230958      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1846826      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11928467      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    250544654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077427                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      207907054                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     13487361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25440341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        30395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3679501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3592812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    149880355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2001                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3679501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      208480019                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1873318                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     10290235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24904204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1317375                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    149823268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       197038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       564478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    209068812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    697007784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    697007784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    181073183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27995619                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19059                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3912802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14025645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7595961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89637                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1806468                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        149629751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36991                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       142022663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19493                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16667064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39982921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250544654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190461244     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24687585      9.85%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12514463      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9462133      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7422198      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995246      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1889097      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       981355      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131333      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250544654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27070     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90649     37.84%     49.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121863     50.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119450098     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2122703      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17798      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12859360      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7572704      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    142022663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001687                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534849055                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166334389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139884236                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    142262245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       291042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2262306                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          585                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3679501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1551840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149666892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14025645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7595961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19063                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          585                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1235851                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1205987                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2441838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140055509                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12102123                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19674533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19902800                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7572410                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139884446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139884236                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        80314245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       216451719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.495998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105554251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    129883506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19783408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35901                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2159349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246865153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193583782     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26411002     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9979195      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4750390      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4008666      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293627      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019162      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909459      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2909870      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246865153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    105554251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    129883506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19246792                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11763335                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18729489                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       117023434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2674599                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2909870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          393621469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         303013402                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3184737                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              31480999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         105554251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           129883506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    105554251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.671855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.671855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374272                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374272                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      630307176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     194864186                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     138933863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35870                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21815759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17851175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2129161                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8966438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8580815                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209988173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            122030912                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21815759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10834910                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25469171                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5821427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11410607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12847043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2130772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250532508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      225063337     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1190551      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1886927      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2552742      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2626928      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2220150      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1243565      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1843297      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11905011      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250532508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077354                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432694                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      207824895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     13592424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25421823                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        29188                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3664176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3590189                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    149719388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3664176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      208397805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1895981                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10373520                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24884677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1316347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    149662415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       195832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       564460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    208839726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    696266456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    696266456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    181029440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27810286                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37076                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19279                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3906913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14000126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7590538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1773972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149474860                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141937304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19672                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16543938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39628727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1312                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250532508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190502298     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24662507      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12494374      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9451016      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7426235      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2993552      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1888590      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982727      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131209      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250532508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27343     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86345     36.70%     48.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121570     51.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119374316     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121054      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17794      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12857187      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7566953      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141937304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235258                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534662046                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166056586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139806303                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142172562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       291630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          586                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3664176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1575676                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       128889                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149512218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14000126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7590538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108765                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          586                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238219                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2436111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139977014                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12098142                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1960290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 153                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19664804                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19889925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7566662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139806546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139806303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80254784                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       216266150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495722                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371093                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105528804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129852175                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19660053                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35893                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2156094                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246868332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193616071     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26384916     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9978601      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4757400      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992296      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2298824      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2020215      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       906809      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2913200      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246868332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105528804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129852175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19242150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11760502                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18724982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116995200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2673952                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2913200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          393466632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         302688694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3181966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              31493145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105528804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129852175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105528804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      630004369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     194747126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     138807158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35862                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21817344                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17852089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2135038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9113581                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8597348                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97303                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210254330                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            121972445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21817344                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10852596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25474129                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5814246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11226984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12863071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2136341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250606918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      225132789     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1192892      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1890568      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2557160      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2630639      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2222955      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1240416      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1845611      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11893888      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250606918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432487                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208088835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     13410862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25426757                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        29363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3651099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3590392                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    149679910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3651099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208661645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1884075                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10203558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24889917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1316622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    149621761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       196294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       564695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208794032                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    696038324                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    696038324                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    181183294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27610708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37467                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19654                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3908201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14013913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7591183                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1780512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149436518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141996246                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19609                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16396713                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39128701                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1679                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250606918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190520491     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24704955      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12521434      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9442582      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7418313      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2993281      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890889      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984098      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130875      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250606918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26924     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86441     36.69%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122248     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119427014     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2116323      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17809      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12868161      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7566939      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141996246                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503487                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534854632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165871417                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139857717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142231859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288378                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2243426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          588                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103170                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1562658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149474263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14013913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7591183                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19658                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          588                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2441408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140028428                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12108324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19674963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19904169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7566639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139857945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139857717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80283693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       216329785                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495904                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105618483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    129962566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19511711                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35920                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2161997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246955819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193651665     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26412293     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9988488      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4758816      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4002748      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2301162      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2018300      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908529      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2913818      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246955819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105618483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    129962566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19258493                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11770485                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17920                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18740903                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117094661                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2676230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2913818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          393515550                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         302599730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3187484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              31418735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105618483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           129962566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105618483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670230                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670230                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374500                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374500                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630246276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     194826797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     138756513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35888                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19871068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16251444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1942190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8317172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7847654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2045295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86208                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192976839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112729222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19871068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9892949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23633144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5642274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8719845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11866027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1954462                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    228986825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      205353681     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1284648      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2028384      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3224335      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1333209      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1496255      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1589028      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1035518      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11641767      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    228986825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399713                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      191136094                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10574678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23559976                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        59536                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3656540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3256811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    137661739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3656540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      191431263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2125670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7577211                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23329671                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       866457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    137570486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        37857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       236148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       319268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        62563                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    190989425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    639949726                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    639949726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    163104774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27884651                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35646                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2551984                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13117963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7051792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1598812                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137377086                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       130093868                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164301                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17288608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38417232                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3940                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228986825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174095097     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22055111      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12057362      5.27%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8200736      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7664417      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2205935      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1722367      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       586120      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399680      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228986825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30329     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92401     38.50%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117279     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108979177     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2054677      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15771      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12029609      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7014634      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    130093868                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.461284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240009                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489578871                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154702879                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128003447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    130333877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       396439                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2352782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          359                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1459                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8097                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3656540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1302947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137412991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13117963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7051792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1459                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1136202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2243314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128241013                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11314772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1852855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 155                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18327696                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18052635                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7012924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.454714                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            128004367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           128003447                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74841276                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       195483310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.453872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95807274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    117435557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19977884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31810                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1983821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225330285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177659660     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23084934     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8988552      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4842070      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3625418      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2025024      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249916      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1116667      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2738044      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225330285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95807274                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    117435557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17608772                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10765181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15870                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16857281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105818377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2385720                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2738044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          360005045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         278483644                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3127046                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              53038828                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95807274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           117435557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95807274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.943677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.943677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      578324278                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     177424584                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128411712                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19340663                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17261935                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1541397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12913285                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12618188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46789                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204300745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109796128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19340663                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13780480                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24479696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5046198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8426046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12360861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    240702607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      216222911     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3732926      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1880451      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3686642      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1186049      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3418616      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         539027      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         875231      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9160754      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    240702607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      202380913                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10392664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24431371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19641                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3478017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1834450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18103                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122844422                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3478017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      202599857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6689643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3009057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24214165                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       711862                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122665460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       543220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160787304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    555929789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    555929789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130483280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30304002                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16507                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8360                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1643762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22092822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3596962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       816038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122025699                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114303574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21940683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44871796                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240702607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190584160     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15771124      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16805430      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9707167      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5021200      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257977      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492182      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34624      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28743      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240702607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191581     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78794     23.51%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64707     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89656157     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897571      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8150      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20175000     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3566696      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114303574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335082                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469718888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143983252                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111410911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114638656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90517                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4481953                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81753                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3478017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5883918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85421                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122042356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22092822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3596962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8355                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2290                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1633763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112850020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19884117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23450643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17158626                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3566526                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111436490                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111410911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67408057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       146909981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88759135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     99947093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22100098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16434                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1531733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237224590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200006669     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14630863      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9389575      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2956576      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4903561      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958450      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607420      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555470      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3216006      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237224590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88759135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     99947093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21126073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17610864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15333308                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87350335                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1251304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3216006                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          356055450                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247575171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4557431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41323046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88759135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            99947093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88759135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.177427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.177427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524515249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145191194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130437413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20729350                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17001225                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8576511                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8102112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197819593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117824353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20729350                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10228342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25915672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5762005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     18428124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12187505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    245862711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      219947039     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2805570      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3247225      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1784751      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2069787      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1130019      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         771352      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2008074      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12098894      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    245862711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073502                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      196223101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     20055189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25709697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       194328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3680390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3362959                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18932                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143827233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        93834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3680390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196527537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6609520                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     12582216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25608510                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       854532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143740454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       225806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       393438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    199741596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    669257616                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    669257616                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    170543211                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29198385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2288104                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13724206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7472865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143504592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       135597357                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190383                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17960492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41564227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245862711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188719267     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22991554      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12340073      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8551061      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7473956      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3829511      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916585      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596047      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444657      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245862711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35429     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124572     42.76%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131359     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113499154     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121566      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16608      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12540203      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7419826      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    135597357                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517539168                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161504003                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133354953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    135888717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2423928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          862                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8305                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3889                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3680390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6115902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       151145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143542367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13724206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7472865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1138355                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2314119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133609044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11777772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1988313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19195945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18693815                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7418173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473748                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133356963                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133354953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        79265050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       207603797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100147569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    122868981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20674811                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33497                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2039074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242182321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191982803     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23282866      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9753774      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5864854      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4057083      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619958      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358973      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1094035      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167975      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242182321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100147569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    122868981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18611651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11300278                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17584758                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110771194                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2499756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2167975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383557462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290768052                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3029414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              36162942                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100147569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           122868981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100147569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.816101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.816101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      602688642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     185082283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     134231021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33466                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282023303                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19385876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17302151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1544880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12940186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12647416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165752                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46899                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204800475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110057077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19385876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13813168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24538012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5058455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8170533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12390433                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    241013893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      216475881     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3739186      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1885572      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3695196      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1190174      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3427538      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         541002      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         876935      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9182409      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    241013893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.390241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      202872101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     10146012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24489672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3486700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1838693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18173                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    123142824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        34320                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3486700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      203091754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6497776                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2951904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24271393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       714360                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    122962834                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        95872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       545600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    161173270                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    557289171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    557289171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    130802170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30370973                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8386                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1648858                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     22145665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3607490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       819246                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        122322490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       114580617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21995827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44994086                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241013893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190770369     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15815199      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16845084      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9730687      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032614      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259401      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1496942      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34700      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28897      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241013893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192286     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79064     23.52%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64838     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89873523     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900022      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8172      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20222296     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576604      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    114580617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.406281                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470585901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144335228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111680491                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    114916805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89622                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4495615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82847                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3486700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5685706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85699                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122339197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22145665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8381                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41149                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1637165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113125913                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19931478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454704                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23507897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17198203                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3576419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.401123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            111706327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           111680491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        67569412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       147279279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.395997                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88970522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    100188674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22155343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16479                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1535174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237527193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200214002     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14670263      6.18%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9413640      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964454      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4915347      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       961570      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608678      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557449      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3221790      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237527193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88970522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    100188674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21174661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            17650018                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8222                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15369980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        87562587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1254659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3221790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          356649095                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         248177601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4567562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              41009410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88970522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           100188674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88970522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.169851                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.169851                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      525792417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     145542564                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     130745668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       24445112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20355119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2220581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9382431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8950915                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2629406                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103319                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212733050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            134092203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          24445112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11580321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27951634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6174062                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     19533665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13208065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2122804                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    264154940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      236203306     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1714431      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2168571      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3441363      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1438736      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1854123      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2160706      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         987186      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       14186518      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    264154940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086677                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      211485851                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     20904326                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27818900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        13125                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3932736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3718627                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    163881873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3932736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      211699841                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        681669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     19625550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27618254                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       596883                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    162874130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        85949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       416432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    227514688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    757425808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    757425808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    190520539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       36994142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20671                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2098004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15231174                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7976250                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1804731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        159035482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39707                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       152638457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19189011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38937737                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1597                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264154940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199473386     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29507629     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12061012      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6756282      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9154105      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2817219      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777225      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1490563      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117519      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264154940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052134     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141360     10.63%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136076     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128596635     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2086915      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18893      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13984058      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7951956      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    152638457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1329570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570912862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178264918                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148672818                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    153968027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2848506                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          721                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3932736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        518563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159075198                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       123894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15231174                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7976250                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20670                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          721                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1316320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1246363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2562683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149982916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13758305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2655541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21709655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       21212028                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7951350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531806                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            148673209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           148672818                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        89077010                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       239255457                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110840387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    136580848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22495025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2239540                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260222204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202415748     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29295404     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10633689      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5302109      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4847993      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2037468      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2013168      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       959581      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717044      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260222204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    110840387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    136580848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20251023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12382667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             19012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19797338                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       122966900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2820317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2717044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          416580266                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         322084514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3222893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              17870713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         110840387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           136580848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    110840387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.544430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.544430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      674879284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     207758341                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     151596931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        38078                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       24489374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20387827                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9341970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8960888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2636820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213037674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            134324320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          24489374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11597708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            28001815                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6192179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     19128994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13228665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    264122885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      236121070     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1717926      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2165343      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3445035      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1443660      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1859362      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2163459      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         991992      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       14215038      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    264122885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      211789958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     20503458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27868937                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        13067                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3947463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3729771                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    164213152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3947463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      212003953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        683458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     19221459                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27668285                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       598260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    163205643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        86213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       417408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    227935192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    758966326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    758966326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    190788591                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       37146601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        39493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20574                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2101762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15290880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7993793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1811776                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        159363945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39635                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       152906879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       153832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19295833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39278328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264122885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199337419     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29542177     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12084270      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6770503      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9175354      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2824528      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777476      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493523      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117635      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264122885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053091     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       144232     10.82%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136268     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128817676     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090443      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18919      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14010207      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7969634      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    152906879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542174                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1333591                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571424066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178700127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148930201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    154240470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2890829                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3947463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        519680                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65921                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159403589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15290880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7993793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20574                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57592                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1252246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2567329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150246499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13781521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2660380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21750596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       21250081                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7969075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            148930568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           148930201                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        89231061                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       239715232                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528073                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110996308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    136772931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22631391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2242933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260175422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202291082     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29335611     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10648258      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304957      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4857156      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2036972      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2018647      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961345      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2721394      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260175422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    110996308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    136772931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20279424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12400051                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19825215                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       123139783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2824272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2721394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          416857583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         322756129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3229867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17902768                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         110996308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           136772931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    110996308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      676033532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     208100328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     151859658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        38130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19814702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16204755                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1936194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8287694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7822900                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2038790                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85997                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192378784                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112416019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19814702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9861690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23565466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5627114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8942823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11830346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1948693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    228535101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      204969635     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1281049      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2022948      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3215598      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1328757      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1489609      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1583644      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1032737      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11611124      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    228535101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070259                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.398602                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      190545483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10790625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23492052                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        59374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3647566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3248194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    137270163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3647566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      190839465                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2153015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7764640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23262686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       867716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    137180086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        35536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       235188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       317999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67538                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    190447188                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    638135437                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    638135437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    162610586                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27836602                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2540325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13078677                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7030560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1593758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        136986385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35541                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       129706596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17264708                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38400672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3828                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228535101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173806103     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21989636      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12020659      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8178351      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7641675      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199638      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1716379      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583855      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398805      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228535101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30146     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92053     38.51%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116842     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108654409     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2049261      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15723      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11993668      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6993535      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    129706596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.459911                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488350701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154288077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127621689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    129945637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395002                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2346106                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          357                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1465                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1353460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137022067                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13078677                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7030560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1465                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1132575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1104399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2236974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127859786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11281061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1846810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18272921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17999592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6991860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.453362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            127622576                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           127621689                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74621151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       194906954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.452518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95517064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117079847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19942619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31713                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1977621                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224887535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177360701     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23016204     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8960654      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4828223      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3613744      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2018557      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1246175      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113361      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2729916      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224887535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     95517064                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117079847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17555426                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10732571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16806211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       105497858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2378491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2729916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          359179448                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         277692722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3118554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              53490552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          95517064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117079847                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     95517064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.952621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.952621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.338682                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.338682                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      576597640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     176900161                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128050442                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        31684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282025159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19800491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16192873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1936949                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8310080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7825021                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2037860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192326850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112312686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19800491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9862881                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23547615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5622007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8847466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11827001                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1949246                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    228364185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      204816570     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1279727      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2019867      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3212396      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1332000      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1492553      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1580090      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1033969      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11597013      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    228364185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      190497571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     10691104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23474540                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        59174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3641795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3246153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          462                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    137156540                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3641795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      190789709                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2159801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7653969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23246745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       872153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    137066588                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        46395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       234951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       316047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        75314                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    190278469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    637608638                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    637608638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    162518377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27759906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35525                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19807                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2531501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13073413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7024825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211459                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1594235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        136874867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       129625219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17211463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38249737                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3940                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228364185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173668151     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21977797      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12013148      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8172062      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7637379      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198245      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1715765      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583495      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398143      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228364185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30080     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        91649     38.42%     51.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116794     48.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108588656     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2047003      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15714      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11985987      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6987859      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    129625219                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            238523                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488016790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154123388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127541917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129863742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       393946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2346863                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          355                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1451                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       205807                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8063                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3641795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1367188                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136910645                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13073413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7024825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1451                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1134105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1102907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2237012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127778997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11273536                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1846222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18259742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17988523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6986206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453077                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            127542774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           127541917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74570972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       194782856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95462947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    117013599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19897336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31694                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1978321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224722390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177222121     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23002520     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8955993      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4825519      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3613488      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2017227      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1244239      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113249      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2728034      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224722390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     95462947                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    117013599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17545547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10726534                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15812                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16796724                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       105438183                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2377161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2728034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          358904654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         277464091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3117236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              53660974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          95462947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           117013599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     95462947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.954289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.954289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338491                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338491                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      576239347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     176783783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     127936289                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21811416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17846349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2135574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9142589                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8598019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97356                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210248866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            121926778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21811416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10853855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25466014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5810618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     11278908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12862788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2136694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    250641102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      225175088     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1192054      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1890413      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2556176      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2629131      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2222129      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1242694      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1847522      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11885895      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    250641102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      208082819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     13463553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25418712                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3646936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3590123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    149627564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3646936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      208656213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1889256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     10250643                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24881107                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1316945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    149569493                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       195416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       565134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    208716785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    695795688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    695795688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    181169388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27547301                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37535                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3910090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14010922                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7589473                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89402                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732977                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        149385464                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141971559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16356161                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38999378                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1748                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250641102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190600582     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24662569      9.84%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12503437      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9451586      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7422365      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2993387      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890729      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984987      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131460      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250641102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26391     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86421     36.56%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123568     52.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119406781     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2114911      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17808      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12867071      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7564988      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141971559                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            236380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534840281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165779872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139833761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142207939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       287349                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2241337                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          582                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102026                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3646936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1568803                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149423280                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14010922                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7589473                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109388                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          582                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2441290                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140004552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12106997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19671692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19901436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7564695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139833982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139833761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        80269631                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       216289581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105610417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    129952574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19470663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35919                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2162532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246994166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193725256     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26379295     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9989416      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4756823      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3988642      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2301362      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2027952      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908472      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2916948      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246994166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    105610417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    129952574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19257016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11769575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17920                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18739429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       117085695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2676026                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2916948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          393499727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         302493542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3187972                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              31384551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         105610417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           129952574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    105610417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.670434                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.670434                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      630145730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     194791170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     138707715                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35886                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19388564                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17304692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1544961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12926489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12647254                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204801625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            110078746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19388564                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13812690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24540210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5059991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8294906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12390932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    241143082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      216602872     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3739253      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1885258      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3695094      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1190064      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3426246      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         541156      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         877733      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9185406      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    241143082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.390315                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      202874945                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10268777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24491571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3488190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1838927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18151                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123164379                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3488190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      203094295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6638315                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2934730                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24273868                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       713678                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    122984252                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        95433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       545436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    161204996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    557385991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    557385991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130807175                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30397821                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16545                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1649631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22149055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3607566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       820063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        122343122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16605                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114592154                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22013887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45043771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241143082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190898962     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15813016      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16845856      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9730863      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031730      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1260209      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1499011      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34674      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28761      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241143082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192265     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78940     23.49%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64808     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89882917     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900050      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8172      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20224435     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576580      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114592154                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.406318                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470737765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144373905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111691453                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114928167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90161                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4498000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82893                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5828443                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85702                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122359813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22149055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2317                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1637952                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113138946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19935009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23511444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17200112                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3576435                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.401165                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111717133                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111691453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67579125                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       147298849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396033                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88974462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    100192664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22172123                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1535272                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237654892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200341115     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14670090      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9413685      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2965371      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4914561      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       961266      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609190      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557535      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3222079      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237654892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88974462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    100192664                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21175728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17651055                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15370580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87565995                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1254668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3222079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          356797275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         248220513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4568514                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              40882571                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88974462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           100192664                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88974462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.169737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.169737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315484                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315484                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      525849785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145558443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130768702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16466                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19870107                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16249463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1937318                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8186896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7830199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2043050                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192744710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            112777098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19870107                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9873249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23625869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5644935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8873013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11852463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1950121                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    228908322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      205282453     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1283080      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2022559      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3222309      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1330578      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1485873      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1594303      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1037222      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11649945      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    228908322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399882                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      190900150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10731515                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23552845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        59544                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3664267                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3258394                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    137690649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3664267                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191197686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2168650                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7677570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23320140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       879996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    137600801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        40629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       236261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       322465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        70775                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    191032546                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    640104661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    640104661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    162998172                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28034356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35492                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2567219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13101770                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7051782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1601596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137406375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       130036762                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163996                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17403259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38852300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3809                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228908322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174055460     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22032382      9.62%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12039204      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8203071      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7668476      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201245      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1723511      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584220      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400753      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228908322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30261     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92322     38.51%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117179     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108930243     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2057770      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15761      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12018570      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7014418      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    130036762                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489385603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154846683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127950780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130276524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395269                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          349                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1474                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212658                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8106                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3664267                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1348829                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117889                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137442111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13101770                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7051782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1474                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1130110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2238919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128189076                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11304550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1847685                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18317171                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18042831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7012621                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            127951647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           127950780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74811911                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       195425073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453685                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95744765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    117358918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20083672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31790                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1978747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225244055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177610580     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23067956     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8978009      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4840805      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3619394      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2022938      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249433      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1115855      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2739085      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225244055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95744765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    117358918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17597289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10758165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15860                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16846294                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105749310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2384162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2739085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          359946923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         278549693                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3122731                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              53117331                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95744765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           117358918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95744765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.945599                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.945599                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      578063718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     177352622                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     128449819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        31762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19584                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.537431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.713989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.874997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.591465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1656.150623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         356.920347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36548                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36549                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19571                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16729342543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16811433527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5041909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5041909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16734384452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16816475436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16734384452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16816475436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             55960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856597.160420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859172.766750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1260477.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260477.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856679.863418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 859254.786981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856679.863418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 859254.786981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10584                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10584                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15014222187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15093064173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4690709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4690709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15018912896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15097754882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15018912896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15097754882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768777.377727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771353.001124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1172677.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172677.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768860.084775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771435.025395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768860.084775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771435.025395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        36402                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.938092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         205224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        38450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.337425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.556626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.826999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1823.460538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         219.093929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.106979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 42706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13556                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               13556                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  42735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42734                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 42735                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               36356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                36402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36360                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               36402                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66163154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34827991345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34894154499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     68687876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68687876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66163154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34896679221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    34962842375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66163154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34896679221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   34962842375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             79062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13556                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           13556                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              79137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             79137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575313.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 959078.904692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959790.804792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1493214.695652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1493214.695652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575313.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 959754.654043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960464.874870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575313.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 959754.654043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960464.874870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5720                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5720                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           36402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          36402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62475010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31638687729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31701162739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     64646707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64646707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62475010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31703334436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31765809446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62475010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31703334436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31765809446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1487500.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 871253.173129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871965.087991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1405363.195652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405363.195652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1487500.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 871928.889879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872639.125488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1487500.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 871928.889879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872639.125488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        12725                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.459120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         195614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        14773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        13.241319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.969357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.944594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1529.354213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         486.190956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.746755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.237398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 30334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  30494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        30492                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 30494                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               12721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                12721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12679                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               12721                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96084282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10384199501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10480283783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96084282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10384199501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    10480283783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96084282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10384199501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   10480283783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             43055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              43215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             43215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2287721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 819007.768830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823856.912428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2287721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 819007.768830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823856.912428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2287721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 819007.768830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823856.912428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5579                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5579                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           12720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          12720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92396682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9269605344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9362002026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92396682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9269605344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9362002026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92396682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9269605344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9362002026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2199921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731156.755324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736006.448585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2199921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731156.755324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736006.448585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2199921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 731156.755324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736006.448585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12723                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.454081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         195602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.242299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.956089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.959377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1529.428706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         486.109908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.746791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.237358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 30325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  30488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30486                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 30488                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12677                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12719                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10449797391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10533611265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10449797391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10533611265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10449797391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10533611265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              43207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             43207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995568.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824311.539875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828179.201588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995568.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824311.539875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828179.201588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995568.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824311.539875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828179.201588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5577                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5577                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9335650081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9415775623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9335650081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9415775623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9335650081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9415775623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1907751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736482.335200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740350.339912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1907751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736482.335200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740350.339912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1907751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736482.335200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740350.339912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12739                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.441796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         195638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.230405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.946004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.162177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1529.113992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         486.219623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.237412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 30351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30514                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30516                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12692                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12735                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10316216680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10389241506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10316216680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10389241506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10316216680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10389241506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              43251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             43251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812812.533880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815802.238398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812812.533880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815802.238398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812812.533880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815802.238398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5586                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5586                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69248370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9199552293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9268800663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69248370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9199552293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9268800663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69248370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9199552293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9268800663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610427.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724887.896383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727878.173630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610427.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724887.896383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727878.173630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610427.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724887.896383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727878.173630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        30946                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.603951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         166398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        32994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.043281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.059696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.683321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1658.809612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         373.051322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.809966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.182154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 38945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8096                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8096                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  39046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39045                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 39046                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               30908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                30936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30897                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               30936                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57150122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28371828132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28428978254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23471962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23471962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57150122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28395300094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    28452450216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57150122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28395300094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   28452450216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             69853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8096                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8096                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              69982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             69982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1465387.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 919104.218860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919793.524460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838284.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838284.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1465387.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 919030.976923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919719.750970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1465387.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 919030.976923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919719.750970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4617                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4617                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           30936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          30936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53725922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25661176977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25714902899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21013562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21013562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53725922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25682190539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25735916461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53725922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25682190539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25735916461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1377587.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 831292.784897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831982.104924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 750484.357143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750484.357143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1377587.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 831219.553322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831908.341770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1377587.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 831219.553322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831908.341770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        19071                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.838693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         160634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        21119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.606137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.636542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.419159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1671.303764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         345.479228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.816066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.168691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6504                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6504                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36263                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36264                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               19070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                19070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               19070                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67904891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15336782668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15404687559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67904891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15336782668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    15404687559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67904891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15336782668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   15404687559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             55264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              55334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             55334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1997202.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805672.550326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807796.935448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1997202.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805672.550326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807796.935448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1997202.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805672.550326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807796.935448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           19070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          19070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64919437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13664800240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13729719677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64919437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13664800240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13729719677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64919437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13664800240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13729719677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1909395.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717839.894936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719964.324961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1909395.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717839.894936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719964.324961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1909395.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717839.894936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719964.324961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        19678                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.531321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         231976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        21726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        10.677345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.918681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.593425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1656.043017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         356.976198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.808615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.174305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 36557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               19957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  36715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36714                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 36715                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               19662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                19666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19630                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               19666                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71679414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16557239022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16628918436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3183473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3183473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71679414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16560422495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    16632101909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71679414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16560422495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   16632101909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             56219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           19957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              56381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             56381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1991094.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843637.981351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845738.909368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 795868.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795868.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1991094.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843628.247326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845728.765840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1991094.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843628.247326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845728.765840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              10601                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   10601                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           19666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          19666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68518614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14833905851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14902424465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2832273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2832273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68518614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14836738124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14905256738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68518614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14836738124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14905256738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1903294.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755829.300469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757930.244380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 708068.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708068.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1903294.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755819.568212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757920.102614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1903294.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755819.568212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757920.102614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        19124                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.842483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         160732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        21172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         7.591725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.634254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.358816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1672.221860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         344.627553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.816515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.168275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 36282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6514                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                6514                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  36352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36351                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 36352                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               19124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                19124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19090                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               19124                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69759129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15119557039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15189316168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69759129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15119557039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15189316168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69759129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15119557039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15189316168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             55406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            6514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              55476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             55476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2051739.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 792014.512258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794254.139720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2051739.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 792014.512258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794254.139720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2051739.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 792014.512258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794254.139720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           19124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          19124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66773546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13443174027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13509947573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66773546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13443174027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13509947573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66773546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13443174027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13509947573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1963927.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 704199.791881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706439.425486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1963927.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 704199.791881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706439.425486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1963927.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 704199.791881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706439.425486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         9076                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.224630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         217941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        11124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        19.591963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.074118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.864093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1403.207633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         601.078786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.685160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.293496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 29731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9280                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9280                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  29957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        29955                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 29957                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                9076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 9076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                9076                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90185413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7507382492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7597567905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90185413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7507382492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7597567905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90185413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7507382492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7597567905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             38807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9280                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9280                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              39033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             39033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2652512.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 830278.975006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837105.322279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2652512.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 830278.975006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837105.322279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2652512.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 830278.975006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837105.322279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4779                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4779                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            9076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           9076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87192713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6712852688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6800045401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87192713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6712852688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6800045401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87192713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6712852688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6800045401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.231864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2564491.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 742407.950453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749233.737439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2564491.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 742407.950453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749233.737439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2564491.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 742407.950453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749233.737439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         9089                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.231368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         218032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        11137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        19.577265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.862657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1403.354133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         600.936318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.685232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.293426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 29796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9306                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9306                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30019                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30021                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                9089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 9089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                9089                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7345305566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7444763012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7345305566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7444763012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7345305566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7444763012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             38885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811187.804086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819095.941468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811187.804086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819095.941468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811187.804086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819095.941468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            9089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           9089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6550189240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6646661486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6550189240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6646661486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6550189240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6646661486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723378.160133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731286.333590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723378.160133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731286.333590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723378.160133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731286.333590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        30907                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.601632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         166233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        32955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.044242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.474954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.964048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1655.598532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         376.564098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.808398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.183869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 38811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  38912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38911                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 38912                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               30869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                30897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30857                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               30897                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69119127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28734022921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28803142048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26895879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26895879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69119127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28760918800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    28830037927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69119127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28760918800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   28830037927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             69680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              69809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             69809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1727978.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 932045.247040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933076.615634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960567.107143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960567.107143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1727978.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 932071.128107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933101.528530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1727978.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 932071.128107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933101.528530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4607                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4607                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           30897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          30897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65606627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26026512687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26092119314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24436962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24436962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65606627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26050949649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26116556276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65606627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26050949649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26116556276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1640165.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 844221.761556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845253.144384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872748.642857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872748.642857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1640165.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 844247.647179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845278.061818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1640165.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 844247.647179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845278.061818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        30834                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.603694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         166177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        32882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.053738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.171260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.853067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1659.335631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         372.243736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.810222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.181760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8056                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8056                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38863                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38864                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               30797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                30824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30784                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               30824                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56329243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28776777008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28833106251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     26094727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26094727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56329243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28802871735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    28859200978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56329243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28802871735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   28859200978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             69560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8056                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8056                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              69688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             69688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1408231.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935617.160581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936231.004676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 966471.370370                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966471.370370                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1408231.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935644.222161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936257.493447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1408231.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935644.222161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936257.493447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4602                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4602                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           30824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          30824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52817243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26075525681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26128342924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23722925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23722925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52817243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26099248606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26152065849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52817243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26099248606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26152065849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1320431.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847791.581786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848405.459103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 878626.851852                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878626.851852                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1320431.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847818.626754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848431.931255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1320431.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847818.626754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848431.931255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        12737                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.459835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         195647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        14785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.232804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.963922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.130589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1529.619198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         485.746126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.746884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.237181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 30360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  30522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 30522                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               12733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                12733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12690                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               12733                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78265414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10305840477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10384105891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78265414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10305840477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    10384105891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78265414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10305840477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   10384105891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             43093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              43255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             43255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1820125.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812122.969031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815527.047122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1820125.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812122.969031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815527.047122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1820125.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812122.969031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815527.047122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           12732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          12732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74489548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9188540778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9263030326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74489548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9188540778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9263030326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74489548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9188540778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9263030326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1732315.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724134.350855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727539.296733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1732315.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724134.350855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727539.296733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1732315.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724134.350855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727539.296733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        19120                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.841737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         160828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        21168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.597695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.548985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.417438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1670.953887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         344.921427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.815895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.168419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6611                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6611                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36352                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36353                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               19119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                19119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               19119                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58592479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15112946065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15171538544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58592479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15112946065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    15171538544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58592479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15112946065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   15171538544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             55400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6611                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6611                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              55472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             55472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1723308.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 791875.612523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793532.012344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1723308.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 791875.612523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793532.012344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1723308.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 791875.612523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793532.012344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2543                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2543                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           19119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          19119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55606130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13436770920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13492377050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55606130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13436770920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13492377050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55606130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13436770920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13492377050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1635474.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704048.777574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705705.165019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1635474.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704048.777574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705705.165019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1635474.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704048.777574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705705.165019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        31015                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.604264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         166304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        33063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.029913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.049530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.661868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1659.347608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         372.545259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.810228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.181907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38962                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38963                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               30977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                31005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               31005                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53760798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28689392927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28743153725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20810564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     20810564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53760798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28710203491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    28763964289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53760798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28710203491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   28763964289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             69839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              69968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        69929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             69968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1414757.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927288.953328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927886.939504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 743234.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 743234.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1414757.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927122.533374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927720.183487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1414757.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927122.533374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927720.183487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4616                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4616                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           31005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        30967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          31005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50423675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25972651479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26023075154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18352164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18352164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50423675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25991003643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26041427318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50423675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25991003643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26041427318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1326938.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839479.345777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840077.320399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 655434.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655434.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1326938.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839312.934511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839910.573069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1326938.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839312.934511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839910.573069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.720782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012175944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1946492.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.720782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12167852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12167852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12167852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12167852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12167852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12167905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12167905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12167905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172660263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3064.721201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.818418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.181582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15841498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15841498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       196813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       196813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81153862414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81153862414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3423686959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3423686959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84577549373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84577549373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84577549373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84577549373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8773433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16038311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16038311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16038311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16038311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 424431.568120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424431.568120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 610609.409488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610609.409488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429735.583386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429735.583386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429735.583386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429735.583386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47684150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 491589.175258                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19284600553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19284600553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15189347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15189347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19299789900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19299789900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19299789900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19299789900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344848.191284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344848.191284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94933.418750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94933.418750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344135.193110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344135.193110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344135.193110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344135.193110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              581.995260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041144729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1776697.489761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.918754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.076506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11561948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11561948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11561948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11561948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11561948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11561948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     99920992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99920992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     99920992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99920992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     99920992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99920992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11562013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11562013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11562013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11562013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11562013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11562013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1537246.030769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1537246.030769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1537246.030769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1537246.030769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1537246.030769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1537246.030769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66578996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66578996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66578996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66578996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66578996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66578996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1548348.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548348.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1548348.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548348.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1548348.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548348.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                79094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448376705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                79350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5650.620101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.910135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.089865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     30248716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30248716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16567562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16567562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46816278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       46816278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46816278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      46816278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       290526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       290526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144083658158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144083658158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    265088792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265088792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144348746950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144348746950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144348746950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144348746950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     30538944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30538944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16567860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47106804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47106804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47106804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47106804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496449.888219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496449.888219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889559.704698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889559.704698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496853.111081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496853.111081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496853.111081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496853.111081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1214582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1214582                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           13556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38046184201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38046184201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70986408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70986408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38117170609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38117170609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38117170609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38117170609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481481.469026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481481.469026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 946485.440000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946485.440000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481922.403836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481922.403836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481922.403836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481922.403836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.182294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011551290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1949039.094412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    43.182294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.069202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12855455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12855455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12855455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12855455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12855455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12855455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111184346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111184346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111184346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111184346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    111184346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111184346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12855514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12855514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12855514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12855514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12855514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12855514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884480.440678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1884480.440678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1884480.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       820944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       410472                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96579072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96579072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96579072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96579072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96579072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96579072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2194978.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2194978.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2194978.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                43171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167227734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                43427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3850.777949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.434077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.565923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8847168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8847168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7448067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7448067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16295235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16295235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16295235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16295235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       138492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       139433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       139433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       139433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       139433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  46749873822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46749873822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79288738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79288738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  46829162560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46829162560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  46829162560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46829162560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8985660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8985660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7449008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7449008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16434668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16434668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16434668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16434668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337563.713586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337563.713586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84260.082891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84260.082891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335854.227909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335854.227909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335854.227909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335854.227909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        96262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        96262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12466942390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466942390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10330773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10330773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12477273163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12477273163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12477273163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12477273163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289854.743903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289854.743903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64567.331250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64567.331250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289019.785574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289019.785574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289019.785574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289019.785574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.031864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011542813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1949022.761079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.031864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12846978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12846978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12846978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12846978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12846978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12846978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119818074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119818074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119818074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119818074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119818074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119818074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12847043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12847043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12847043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12847043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12847043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12847043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843354.984615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843354.984615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915850.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915850.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167222300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                43419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3851.362307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.436742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.563258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8843361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8843361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7446244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7446244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16289605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16289605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16289605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16289605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       138210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       139173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       139173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46987273053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46987273053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80992108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80992108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47068265161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47068265161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47068265161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47068265161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8981571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8981571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7447207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7447207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19138                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16428778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16428778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16428778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16428778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339970.140026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339970.140026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84103.954309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84103.954309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338199.687878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338199.687878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338199.687878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338199.687878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12531883150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12531883150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10508634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10508634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12542391784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12542391784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12542391784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12542391784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291439.143023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291439.143023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64470.147239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64470.147239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290582.021268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290582.021268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290582.021268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290582.021268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.669161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011558845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945305.471154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.669161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12863010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12863010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12863010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12863010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12863010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12863010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12863071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12863071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12863071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12863071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12863071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12863071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167239370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                43462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3847.944641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.433525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.566475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8853727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8853727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7452560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7452560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19513                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19513                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17944                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17944                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16306287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16306287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16306287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16306287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       138514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       139495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       139495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46581556082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46581556082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46664352758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46664352758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46664352758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46664352758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8992241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8992241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7453541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7453541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16445782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16445782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16445782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16445782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336294.931068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336294.931068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334523.479394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334523.479394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334523.479394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334523.479394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12400103948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12400103948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12410765592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12410765592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12410765592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12410765592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288099.810599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288099.810599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287246.345230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287246.345230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287246.345230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287246.345230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.746534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1016324009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1917592.469811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.746534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11865964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11865964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11865964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11865964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11865964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11865964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85073491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85073491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85073491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85073491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85073491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85073491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11866027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11866027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11866027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11866027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11866027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11866027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1350372.873016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1350372.873016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1350372.873016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1350372.873016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1350372.873016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1350372.873016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57569578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57569578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57569578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57569578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57569578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57569578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1439239.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439239.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1439239.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439239.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1439239.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439239.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                69942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              180728100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                70198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2574.547708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.120979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.879021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8221821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8221821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6810621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6810621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15032442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15032442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15032442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15032442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       183251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       183251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       183251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       183251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  79277445514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79277445514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    285242000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285242000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  79562687514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79562687514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  79562687514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79562687514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8404205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8404205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6811488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6811488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15215693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15215693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15215693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15215693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434673.247182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434673.247182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 328998.846597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328998.846597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434173.278803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434173.278803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434173.278803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434173.278803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       169082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       169082                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       113309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       113309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31186076097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31186076097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     30223782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30223782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31216299879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31216299879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31216299879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31216299879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446708.723261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446708.723261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 234292.883721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234292.883721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446316.946599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446316.946599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446316.946599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446316.946599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.550662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931057993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656686.820285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.360809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.189854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12360810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12360810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12360810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12360810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12360810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12360810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83374192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83374192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83374192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83374192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83374192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83374192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12360861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12360861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12360861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12360861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12360861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12360861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1634788.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1634788.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1634788.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1634788.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1634788.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1634788.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68294995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68294995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68294995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68294995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68294995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68294995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951285.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1951285.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951285.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1951285.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951285.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1951285.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224737782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4045.320529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.347967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.652033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.790422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.209578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18153426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18153426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3498314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3498314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21651740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21651740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21651740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21651740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       195380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       195380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88516175690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88516175690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25986012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25986012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88542161702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88542161702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88542161702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88542161702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18348507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18348507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3498613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3498613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21847120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21847120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21847120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21847120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453740.629226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453740.629226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86909.739130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86909.739130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453179.249166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453179.249166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453179.249166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453179.249166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       139852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17868064407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17868064407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4583634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4583634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17872648041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17872648041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17872648041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17872648041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323526.850151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323526.850151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65480.485714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65480.485714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323200.203277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323200.203277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323200.203277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323200.203277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              518.172786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012195546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1950280.435453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.172786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12187454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12187454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12187454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12187454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12187454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12187454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102229381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102229381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102229381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102229381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102229381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102229381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12187505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12187505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12187505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12187505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12187505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12187505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004497.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2004497.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004497.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2004497.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004497.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2004497.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72062137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72062137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72062137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72062137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72062137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72062137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1947625.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947625.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1947625.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947625.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1947625.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1947625.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                56344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172683127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                56600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3050.938640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.815995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.184005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8594370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8594370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7269943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7269943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16733                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16733                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15864313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15864313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15864313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15864313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       192232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5589                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5589                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       197821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       197821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       197821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       197821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  80735459048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80735459048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3387351037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3387351037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  84122810085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84122810085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  84122810085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84122810085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8786602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8786602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7275532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16733                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16733                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16062134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16062134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16062134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16062134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 419989.694994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419989.694994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 606074.617463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606074.617463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425247.117773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425247.117773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425247.117773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425247.117773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45039529                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            95                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 474100.305263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           19957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       136050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19124592309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19124592309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13515739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13515739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19138108048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19138108048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19138108048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19138108048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340404.263091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340404.263091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83430.487654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83430.487654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339665.413318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339665.413318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339665.413318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339665.413318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              558.708662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              931087564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1656739.437722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.518836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.189826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12390381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12390381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12390381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12390381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12390381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12390381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84874623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84874623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84874623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84874623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84874623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84874623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12390433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12390433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12390433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12390433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12390433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12390433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1632204.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1632204.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1632204.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1632204.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1632204.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1632204.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70142157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70142157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70142157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70142157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70142157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70142157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2004061.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004061.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2004061.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004061.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2004061.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004061.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                55440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              224791127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                55696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4036.037184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.776547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.223453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.792096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.207904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18197333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18197333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3507703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8305                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8305                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21705036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       21705036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21705036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      21705036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       195396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       195695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       195695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       195695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       195695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  86944053288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86944053288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25820818                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25820818                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  86969874106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86969874106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  86969874106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86969874106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18392729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18392729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3508002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3508002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21900731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21900731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21900731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21900731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 444963.322115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444963.322115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86357.250836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86357.250836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 444415.412279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444415.412279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 444415.412279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444415.412279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17656884062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17656884062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4547829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4547829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17661431891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17661431891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17661431891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17661431891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 318883.243250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318883.243250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64968.985714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64968.985714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 318562.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318562.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 318562.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318562.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              489.715021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1014996975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2067203.615071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.715021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13208017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13208017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13208017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13208017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13208017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13208017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    132800400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132800400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    132800400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    132800400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    132800400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    132800400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13208063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13208063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13208063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13208063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13208063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13208063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2886965.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2886965.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2886965.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2886965.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2886965.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2886965.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1953165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       651055                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90611484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90611484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90611484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90611484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90611484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90611484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2516985.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2516985.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2516985.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2516985.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2516985.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2516985.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                38997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165438106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                39253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4214.661453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.561114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.438886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     10534144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10534144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7827602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7827602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18361746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       18361746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18361746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      18361746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       100377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       102669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       102669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       102669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       102669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22794549690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22794549690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147733557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147733557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22942283247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22942283247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22942283247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22942283247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10634521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10634521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7829894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7829894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19039                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18464415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18464415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18464415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18464415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227089.369975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227089.369975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64456.176702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64456.176702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223458.719253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223458.719253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223458.719253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223458.719253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    18.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        61606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        63672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        63672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9515718811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9515718811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16500028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16500028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9532218839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9532218839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9532218839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9532218839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245433.927704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245433.927704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73008.973451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73008.973451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244434.670334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244434.670334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244434.670334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244434.670334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.716010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1015017573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2067245.566191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.716010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13228615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13228615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13228615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13228615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13228615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13228615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13228662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13228662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13228662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13228662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13228662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13228662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3244216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       811054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165467132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4207.148029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.557715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.442285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     10552254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10552254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7838584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7838584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18390838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       18390838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18390838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      18390838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       100511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       102785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       102785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       102785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       102785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22434968213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22434968213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    146824115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146824115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22581792328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22581792328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22581792328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22581792328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10652765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10652765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7840858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7840858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18493623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18493623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18493623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18493623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223209.083712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223209.083712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64566.453386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64566.453386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219699.297835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219699.297835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219699.297835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219699.297835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    22.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        61662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9357982662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9357982662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16416169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16416169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9374398831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9374398831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9374398831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9374398831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240880.914876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240880.914876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72960.751111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72960.751111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239913.979398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239913.979398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239913.979398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239913.979398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.945524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1016288330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1913913.992467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.945524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11830285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11830285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11830285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11830285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11830285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11830285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102642755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102642755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102642755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102642755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102642755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102642755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11830346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11830346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11830346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11830346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11830346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11830346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1682668.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682668.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1682668.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682668.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1682668.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682668.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69574677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69574677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69574677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69574677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69574677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69574677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1696943.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696943.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1696943.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696943.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1696943.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696943.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                69768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              180683175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                70024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2580.303539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.125030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.874970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8197811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8197811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6789916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6789916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14987727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14987727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14987727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14987727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       181840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       182773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       182773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80055454754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80055454754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    371647904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    371647904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80427102658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80427102658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80427102658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80427102658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8379651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8379651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6790849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6790849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15170500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15170500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15170500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15170500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 440252.170886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440252.170886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 398336.445874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 398336.445874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 440038.203991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440038.203991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 440038.203991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440038.203991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157116                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       112201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       113005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       113005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        69639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        69768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        69768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31538958547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31538958547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     33652638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33652638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31572611185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31572611185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31572611185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31572611185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452892.180344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452892.180344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 260873.162791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260873.162791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452537.140021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452537.140021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 452537.140021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452537.140021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              529.255882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1016284985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1913907.693032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.255882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11826940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11826940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11826940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11826940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11826940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11826940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82930827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82930827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82930827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82930827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82930827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82930827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11827001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11827001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11827001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11827001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11827001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11827001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1359521.754098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1359521.754098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1359521.754098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1359521.754098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1359521.754098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1359521.754098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56764672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56764672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56764672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56764672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56764672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56764672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1384504.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1384504.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1384504.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1384504.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1384504.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1384504.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                69646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180674612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                69902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2584.684444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.134846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.865154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8192995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8192995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6786097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6786097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14979092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14979092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14979092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14979092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       182477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       182477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80303105411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80303105411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    342533548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342533548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80645638959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80645638959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80645638959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80645638959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8374544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8374544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6787025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6787025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19622                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19622                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15161569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15161569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15161569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15161569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442321.937389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442321.937389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 369109.426724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 369109.426724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441949.609863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441949.609863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441949.609863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441949.609863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31575953919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31575953919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32832045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32832045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31608785964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31608785964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31608785964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31608785964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454206.100764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454206.100764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 256500.351562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256500.351562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453842.749350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453842.749350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453842.749350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453842.749350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.101089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011558560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1945304.923077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    44.101089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.070675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12862725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12862725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12862725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12862725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12862725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12862725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110928821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110928821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110928821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110928821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110928821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110928821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12862788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12862788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12862788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12862788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12862788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12862788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760774.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1760774.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78768334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78768334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78768334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78768334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78768334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78768334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750407.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750407.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                43209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167239056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                43465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3847.671828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.426235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.573765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8853876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8853876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7452019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7452019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19592                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19592                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16305895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16305895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16305895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16305895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       138219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       139176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       139176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       139176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       139176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46457760331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46457760331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     80648946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80648946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46538409277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46538409277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46538409277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46538409277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8992095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8992095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7452976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7452976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19592                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19592                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16445071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16445071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16445071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16445071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336117.034062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336117.034062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84272.670846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84272.670846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334385.305491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334385.305491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334385.305491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334385.305491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12390361422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12390361422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10471645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10471645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12400833067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12400833067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12400833067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12400833067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 287826.645187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287826.645187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64639.783951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64639.783951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286989.888151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286989.888151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286989.888151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286989.888151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.663169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931088062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1656740.323843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.473336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.189833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.053643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12390879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12390879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12390879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12390879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12390879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12390879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68630431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68630431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68630431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68630431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68630431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68630431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12390932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12390932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12390932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12390932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12390932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12390932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1294913.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1294913.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1294913.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1294913.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1294913.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1294913.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58973487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58973487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58973487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58973487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58973487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58973487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684956.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1684956.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684956.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1684956.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684956.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1684956.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224794035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4036.306807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.775180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.224820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.792091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.207909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18200234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18200234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3507716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8233                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8233                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21707950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21707950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21707950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21707950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       195859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       195859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  86996331701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86996331701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27143528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27143528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87023475229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87023475229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87023475229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87023475229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18395778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18395778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3508031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3508031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8233                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8233                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21903809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21903809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21903809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21903809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444893.894474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444893.894474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86169.930159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86169.930159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444316.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444316.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444316.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444316.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17650489377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17650489377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4698133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4698133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17655187510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17655187510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17655187510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17655187510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318802.300677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318802.300677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65251.847222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.847222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318472.996555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318472.996555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 318472.996555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318472.996555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.109511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1016310453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1921191.782609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.109511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11852408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11852408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11852408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11852408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11852408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11852408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70836797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70836797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70836797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70836797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70836797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70836797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11852463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11852463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11852463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11852463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11852463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11852463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1287941.763636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1287941.763636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1287941.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1287941.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1287941.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1287941.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54159470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54159470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54159470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54159470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54159470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54159470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388704.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1388704.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1388704.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                69929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180716363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                70185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2574.857348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.123033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.876967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8214737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8214737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6806135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6806135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15020872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15020872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15020872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15020872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       183071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       183071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  79677745484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79677745484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    283448420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    283448420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  79961193904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79961193904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  79961193904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79961193904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8396902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8396902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6807041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6807041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15203943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15203943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15203943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15203943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437393.272495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437393.272495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 312856.975717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312856.975717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 436776.954865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436776.954865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 436776.954865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436776.954865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       113142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       113142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        69929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31498779741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31498779741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27556181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27556181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31526335922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31526335922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31526335922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31526335922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451271.916060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451271.916060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 213613.806202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213613.806202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450833.501437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450833.501437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450833.501437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450833.501437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
