
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001201                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1201061331                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449096140971                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 429389                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   544158                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67605132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31621.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13578083259                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17207294259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        33408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        25728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        58624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        93312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        93312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        93696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        57728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        33408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        57728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        57216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        57472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        93312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               903040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           52608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       379648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            379648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  7055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2966                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     27175964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1492014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     27815399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2877455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21421054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3197172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     48810164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     77691287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     77691287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     78011004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3090600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     48064157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2877455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22167061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1492014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     27815399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3090600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     48064157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2877455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14493848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     15666144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3197172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     47637867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2984027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     47851012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     77691287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               751868349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2770883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1492014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2877455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3197172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2770883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2770883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2770883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3090600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2877455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1492014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3090600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2877455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2770883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3197172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2984027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2770883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           43801260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         316093767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              316093767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         316093767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     27175964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1492014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     27815399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2877455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21421054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3197172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     48810164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     77691287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     77691287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     78011004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3090600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     48064157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2877455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22167061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1492014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     27815399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3090600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     48064157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2877455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14493848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     15666144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3197172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     47637867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2984027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     47851012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     77691287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1067962116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221661                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13567                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2300347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1256760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151166                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278161                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        38382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2659998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2381837     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41110      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21610      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40459      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37436      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6043      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10410      0.39%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107616      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2659998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.436338                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2231099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       108456                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        42687                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21977                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1411771                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1762                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        42687                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2238876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         70818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15782                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271097                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20732                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1408835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1853692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6392731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6392731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         375600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           38138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       247764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          227                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1300567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       565205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2659998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2088726     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188697      7.09%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180655      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110261      4.15%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58109      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15139      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17613      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          416      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          382      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2659998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2370     57.62%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          968     23.54%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023054     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10496      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       224892     17.29%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42030      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1300567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5266553                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666317                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        42687                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36973                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2517                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399492                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           60                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       247764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20221                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194439                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            42011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.445158                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1266374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1265729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          764677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1688985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439452                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2617311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2195016     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166794      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106653      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33246      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55122      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11198      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7209      0.28%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6480      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35593      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2617311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3981264                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2841851                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                220246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.880241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.880241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5948907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1655599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1488065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         231955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23365                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2226934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1323640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            231955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       112703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              290225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        73272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          138766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2635553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2345328     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30861      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          36816      1.40%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19652      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22280      0.85%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          13001      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8725      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22311      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         136579      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2635553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2208352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        92503                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          287646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44742                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37352                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1613613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2134                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44742                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2212298                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         19666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        62603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          286083                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1611386                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           74                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2243278                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7500738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7500738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1887711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         355567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          417                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        83056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1607261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1510615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1669                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       501754                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2635553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1998840     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256497      9.73%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137739      5.23%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95086      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82823      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42199      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10571      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6715      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5083      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2635553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           398     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1415     42.71%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1500     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1265764     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23693      1.57%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138730      9.18%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82244      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1510615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.524475                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5661765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1823669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1484303                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1513928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28550                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44742                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         14793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1417                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1607679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27843                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1486929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             212517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         207445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            82202                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.516251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1484389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1484303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          883858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2312989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.515339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382128                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1108466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1359741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2590811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035090     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257837      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108314      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64521      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44714      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29020      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15396      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11971      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23948      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2590811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1108466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1359741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               205965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              124978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           194458                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1225959                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4174594                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3260208                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36193                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                244691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1108466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1359741                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1108466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.598405                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.598405                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6707469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2064030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1505585                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2880241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         236482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193401                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24619                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24089                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2267492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1323881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            236482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       114757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              275146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         68100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        54874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          140187                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2640704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2365558     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          12782      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20035      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          27023      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          28099      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          24005      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          12840      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          19997      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         130365      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2640704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082105                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2244367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        78514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          274485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        42954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        38811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1622650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        42954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2250846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         16247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        47975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          268405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        14272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1621053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2263626                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7537305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7537305                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1934173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         329453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           44728                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       152593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        81458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        21072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1617753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527451                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2640704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1993494     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267165     10.12%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135003      5.11%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       101068      3.83%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79002      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32329      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20580      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10561      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1502      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2640704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     11.91%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          980     36.12%     48.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1410     51.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284793     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22730      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138655      9.08%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81083      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527451                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5698633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502669                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3259                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26903                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        42954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         12856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1618152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27775                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130323                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             211385                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         213346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            81062                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1502753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1502669                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          863748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2325401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521716                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371440                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1127338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1387183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230971                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24703                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2597750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027014     78.03%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283784     10.92%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106324      4.09%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50583      1.95%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43908      1.69%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24729      0.95%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20954      0.81%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9631      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30823      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2597750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1127338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1387183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               205671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              125690                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           200012                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1249846                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        28562                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4185068                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3279272                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36072                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                239537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1127338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1387183                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1127338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.554905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.554905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6772488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2095232                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1504014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         222613                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200362                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13722                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       106270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2350234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1397609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            222613                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        90256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              275930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         43190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        59040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          136812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13571                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2714343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2438413     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9709      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20214      0.74%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           8487      0.31%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          45053      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          40409      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           8090      0.30%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          16441      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         127527      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2714343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.485240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2336387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        73363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          274717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        28914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        19754                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1638104                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        28914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2339372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         49408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          272793                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         7992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1635777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           25                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1928710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7699158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7699158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1672960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         255746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           21932                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       382551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       192322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         9518                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1630096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          218                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1556691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       146873                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       354877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2714343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2159686     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167433      6.17%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135940      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58953      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74569      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71649      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40786      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3334      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1993      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2714343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3944     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30340     86.20%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       980718     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13583      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       370790     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       191508     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1556691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.540472                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35196                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022609                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5864010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1777250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1541274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1591887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2884                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18708                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          140                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        28914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         44966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1630321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       382551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        15649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1544315                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       369362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             560810                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         202194                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           191448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.536175                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1541415                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1541274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          833885                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1648067                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.535119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505978                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1241428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1459089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       171373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        13782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2685429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2155301     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194168      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90925      3.39%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89478      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24314      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       103731      3.86%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7880      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5610      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14022      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2685429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1241428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1459089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               554135                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              363842                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           192783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1297491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        14186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        14022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4301856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3289854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 53149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                165901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1241428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1459089                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1241428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.320106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.320106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.431015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.431015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7625646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1794987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1941412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222828                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85021                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2160884                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1316292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222828                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              269919                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         72775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        77451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          134638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23358                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2556864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.990428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2286945     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          14276      0.56%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          22600      0.88%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          33722      1.32%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          14321      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17198      0.67%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          17574      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12329      0.48%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         137899      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2556864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.457007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2132570                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       106529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          267929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        48223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          389                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1594419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        48223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2138053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         51299                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        37635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          264226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        17425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1591067                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         1183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         8655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2176873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7416832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7416832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1799918                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         376942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           48829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       160914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        88972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        18969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1586003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1481267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       240097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       557330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2556864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1924562     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257011     10.05%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141832      5.55%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93060      3.64%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84878      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26151      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18662      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6491      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4217      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2556864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373      9.97%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1635     43.72%     53.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1732     46.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219614     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27241      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146882      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87366      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1481267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.514285                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3740                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002525                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5525322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1454328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1485007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6848                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5414                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1142                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        48223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         36809                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2156                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1586403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       160914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             226329                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         198576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            87235                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.506871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1454462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1454328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          859823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2180925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.504932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1079132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1315816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2508641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1975182     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254171     10.13%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105454      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53996      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40300      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23050      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13962      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11681      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30845      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2508641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1079132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1315816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               211282                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              127724                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           183004                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1189285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25638                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30845                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4065154                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3222976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 38607                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                323380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1079132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1315816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1079132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.669038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.669038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374667                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374667                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6625818                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1986534                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1512126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         222612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90898                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2160817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1315997                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            222612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       107219                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              270008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         73153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        77834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          134726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2557573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.990149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2287565     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          14311      0.56%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          22663      0.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          33830      1.32%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          14359      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17171      0.67%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          17405      0.68%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          12203      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         138066      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2557573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.456905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2132528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       106899                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          268051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1567                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        48525                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        36214                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1594259                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        48525                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2138054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         50816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        38384                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          264253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        17538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1590985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         3189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         8633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1885                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2175447                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7417114                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7417114                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1796551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         378866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          229                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           48877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       161197                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        89175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        18612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1585812                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1480507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242591                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       560630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2557573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925858     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256540     10.03%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141890      5.55%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92872      3.63%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84863      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26091      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18766      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6476      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4217      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2557573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           385     10.36%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1605     43.17%     53.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1728     46.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1218734     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27262      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146947      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87400      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1480507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.514021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002511                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5524429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1828872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1453478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1484225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7003                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33682                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1141                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        48525                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         36239                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1586213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161197                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1293                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12643                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        27050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1459090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139275                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             226516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         198363                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            87241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.506586                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1453611                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1453478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          859190                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2178965                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.504637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394311                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1077198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273832                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        23793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976820     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253410     10.10%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105344      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53864      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40198      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22888      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14026      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11630      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30868      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1077198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1313432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               210946                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              127515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           182651                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1187159                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25595                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        30868                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4065431                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3223081                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 38772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                322671                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1077198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1313432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1077198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.673830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.673830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373995                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373995                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6622790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1984551                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1512050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         222479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85218                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2158985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1315969                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            222479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       107466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              270022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         72722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        78143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          134478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23241                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2555796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2285774     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14280      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          22865      0.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33875      1.33%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          14392      0.56%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          16980      0.66%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          17628      0.69%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12226      0.48%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         137776      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2555796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077243                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.456895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2130744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       107156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          267984                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        48258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1593158                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        48258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2136259                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         49410                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        40343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          264346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        17177                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1589909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         1041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         8657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2175004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7411918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7411918                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1798119                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         376885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           48859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       160610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        89164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        18636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1585038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1480127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2072                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       241560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       556814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2555796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923893     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256856     10.05%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141696      5.54%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93139      3.64%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84811      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26117      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18560      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6519      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4205      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2555796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           381     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1574     42.85%     53.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1718     46.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1218594     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27244      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146667      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87458      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1480127                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.513889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002482                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5521795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1827064                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1453474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1483800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6975                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33009                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5681                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1141                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        48258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         35255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1585434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       160610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14163                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26843                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458963                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             226397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         198298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            87321                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.506541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1453598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1453474                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          859543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2178886                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.504636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394487                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1078093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1314523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2507538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1974479     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253802     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105514      4.21%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54176      2.16%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40197      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23000      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13950      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11683      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30737      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2507538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1078093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1314523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               211084                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              127601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           182817                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1188127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        25614                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        30737                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4063194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3221081                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 38562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                324448                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1078093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1314523                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1078093                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.671610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.671610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6622742                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1985215                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1511986                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         223383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201051                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77872                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2351827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1400910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            223383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        90067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              276400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         43502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        59839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          136911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13579                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2441113     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9673      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20562      0.76%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           8236      0.30%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          44973      1.65%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          40621      1.49%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7856      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          16375      0.60%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         128104      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2717513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.486386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2337661                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        74474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          275188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          958                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        29223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        19848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1641651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        29223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2340733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         50135                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        16146                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          273225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8042                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1639398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1933736                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7715347                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7715347                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1674471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         259253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       383037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       192481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         9566                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1633677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1559110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       360147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2162652     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166928      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136119      5.01%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58979      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74737      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71887      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40850      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3364      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1997      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3942     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30419     86.26%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          902      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982461     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13591      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       371229     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       191737     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1559110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35263                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022617                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5872005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1782033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1543488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1594373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        29223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         45669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1633902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       383037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8581                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        15766                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1546501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       369827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             561521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         202617                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           191694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.536934                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1543621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1543488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          835050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1649512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.535888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1242802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1460622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        13787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2688290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2157579     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194426      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90944      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89619      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24236      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       103998      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7871      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5645      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13972      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2688290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1242802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1460622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               554931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              364377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           193001                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1298811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        13972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4308375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3297393                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 53311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                162731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1242802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1460622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1242802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.317541                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.317541                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.431492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.431492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7636161                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1797880                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1945438                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         235979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90511                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2265815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1321907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            235979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       114434                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              274588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        54813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          140200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2638805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2364217     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12840      0.49%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19888      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          26775      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          28146      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          23790      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          12839      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20196      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         130114      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2638805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.458957                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2242600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        78529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          273927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        43355                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        38726                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1620273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        43355                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2249193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         16078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        47986                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          267742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        14446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1618582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2259829                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7525737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7525737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1927170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         332659                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           45516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       152271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        81274                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          917                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        27817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1615294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          397                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523779                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477778                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2638805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1987991     75.34%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272872     10.34%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136621      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98636      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77825      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32184      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20662      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10547      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1467      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2638805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          979     36.06%     48.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1403     51.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1281962     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22657      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          189      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138082      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80889      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523779                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529045                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2715                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5689406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1498958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1526494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27055                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        43355                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1466                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1615696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81274                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1263                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        27926                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1501261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             210661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         212661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            80872                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1499037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1498958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          861304                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2320766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1123245                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1382088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        24840                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2595450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2022482     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       286917     11.05%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105611      4.07%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50242      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46458      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24803      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19211      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9698      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30028      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2595450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1123245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1382088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               204895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              125216                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           199253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1245259                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        28448                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30028                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4181107                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3274759                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 36184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                241439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1123245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1382088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1123245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.564217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.564217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.389983                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.389983                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6755505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2089886                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1501435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         231938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89335                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2225406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1323916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            231938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       112573                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              290148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         70433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        72692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          138769                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2633568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2343420     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          30693      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          36920      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          19662      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          22211      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          12895      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           8823      0.34%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          22501      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136443      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2633568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080527                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2207003                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        91728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          287519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        44942                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        37227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1613836                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        44942                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2210969                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         21592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        59875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          285997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1611613                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2243690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7501370                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7501370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1886389                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         357289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           29288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       153347                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        82854                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1880                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        17032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1607659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1509958                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       505795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2633568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997135     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256620      9.74%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137277      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95194      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82803      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42132      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10594      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6738      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5075      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2633568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     42.65%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1507     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1265636     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23606      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138376      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82156      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1509958                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.524247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002211                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5658503                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1825305                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1483745                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1513297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        44942                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         16561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1608075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153347                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82854                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14195                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1486359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130089                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             212210                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         207273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            82121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.516053                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1483832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1483745                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          884025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2313849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.515146                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1107707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1358798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249309                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        24708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2588626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2033158     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257730      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108252      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64571      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44670      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28971      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15422      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12032      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23820      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2588626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1107707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1358798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               205838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              124898                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           194314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1225115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        27628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        23820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4172913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3261173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 36221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                246676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1107707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1358798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1107707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.600186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.600186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.384588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.384588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6704473                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2063165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1505590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200455                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101766                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2353948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1398644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        90320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              276082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         42659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        60847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          136912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13462                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2719621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2443539     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9633      0.35%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20256      0.74%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           8410      0.31%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          45070      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          40682      1.50%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7907      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          16461      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         127663      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2719621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077345                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.485599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2339991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        75274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          274859                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          970                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        28518                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19823                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1639531                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        28518                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2342973                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         50526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        16558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          272961                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1637136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         3187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1929555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7706443                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7706443                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1676541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         253002                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       383868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       193016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9617                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1631788                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1559820                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1104                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145264                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2719621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2164282     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167094      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136419      5.02%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59107      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74519      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71980      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40919      1.50%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3331      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1970      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2719621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3901     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30523     86.38%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          913      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       981567     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13564      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372348     23.87%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192249     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1559820                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5875702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1777335                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1544299                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1595157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        28518                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         46002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1632009                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       383868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        15533                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1547429                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             563090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         202761                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           192201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.537256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1544427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1544299                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          835071                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1647386                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.536170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       169223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        13643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2691103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2159677     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194671      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90986      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89819      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24208      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104191      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7892      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5639      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14020      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2691103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1244782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1462872                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               556281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              365277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           193271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1300791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        14020                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4309165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3292732                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 53220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                160623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1244782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1462872                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1244782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.313854                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.313854                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.432179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.432179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7642443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1797732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1944616                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         259846                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25400                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27593                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2257407                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1427319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            259846                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       120502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              296470                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         71514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        74396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          141774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2377682     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          17884      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          22630      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          36181      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          14947      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          19480      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          22705      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          10635      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         152008      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2674152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090217                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.495555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2243954                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        89424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          294918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        45664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        39245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1743641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        45664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2246792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        75082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          292223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6844                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1731895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2419874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8050715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8050715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1991543                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         428326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       163771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        83815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        18957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1688662                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1608670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1933                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1993489     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309671     11.58%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126710      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72093      2.70%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95779      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30308      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29308      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15556      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1238      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11134     78.69%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1569     11.09%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1446     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1355604     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21757      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147748      9.18%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83364      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1608670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.558519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5907574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1914456                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1565012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1622819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        45664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          5716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          715                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1689080                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        29008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1579623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             228391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         222746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            83336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.548434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1565050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1565012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          938042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2521927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.543361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1158342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1427078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        25406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2628488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2023973     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306666     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111333      4.24%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55164      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50550      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21333      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21175      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10013      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28281      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2628488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1158342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1427078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               211477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              129346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           206786                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1284835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        29429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        28281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4289288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3423863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                206092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1158342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1427078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1158342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.486523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.486523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.402168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.402168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7105144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2189544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1610849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         259655                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102015                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1193                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2255406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1426370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            259655                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       120307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              296297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         71210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        75784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          141594                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2673134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2376837     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          17854      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          22748      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          36232      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          14833      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          19548      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          22515      0.84%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10547      0.39%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         152020      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2673134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090150                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.495225                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2241888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        90896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          294729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        45433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        39206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1742047                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        45433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2244769                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          7574                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        76496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          291993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1729957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2417465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8041681                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8041681                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1990760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         426705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           25086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       163430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        83712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        18891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1686980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1607168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224620                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       473932                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2673134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992978     74.56%     74.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309472     11.58%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126829      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        71800      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95739      3.58%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30215      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29334      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15533      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1234      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2673134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11225     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1536     10.81%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1448     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1354363     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21769      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147573      9.18%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83266      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1607168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.557997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14209                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5903621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1912037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1563683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1621377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1305                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        45433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          5749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1687398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        28918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1578244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       144926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             228157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         222571                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            83231                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547955                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1563720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1563683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          937329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2518910                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.542899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1157890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1426528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260889                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        25335                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2627701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2023426     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306604     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111158      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55133      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50587      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21385      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21154      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10020      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28234      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2627701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1157890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1426528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               211410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              129301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           206690                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1284360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        29421                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4286871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3420274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                207110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1157890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1426528                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1157890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.487494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.487494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.402011                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.402011                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7099008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2187591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1609732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         222436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200226                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       107277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77806                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          642                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2350731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1397189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            222436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        90036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              275617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         43223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        56943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          136839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2712458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2436841     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9595      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20085      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           8359      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          44972      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          40541      1.49%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7885      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          16614      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         127566      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2712458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.485094                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2336496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        71628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          274459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          924                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        28942                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        19730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1638174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        28942                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2339611                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         48193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        15227                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          272393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1635849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           24                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1929283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7699834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7699834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1672905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         256363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       382644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       192341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         9544                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1630158                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1556821                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       146818                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       355158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2712458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2158058     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166992      6.16%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136165      5.02%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58776      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74592      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71706      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40900      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3279      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1990      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2712458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3910     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30368     86.31%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          905      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       980920     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13560      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       370716     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       191533     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1556821                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.540517                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35183                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022599                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5862343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1777254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1541330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1592004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2778                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2048                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        28942                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         43771                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1630380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       382644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7347                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        15719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1544301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       369220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             560699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         202154                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           191479                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.536170                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1541453                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1541330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          833715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1647818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.535139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1241383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1459044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       171436                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        13786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2683516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2153365     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194292      7.24%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90904      3.39%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89324      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24312      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       103794      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7892      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5662      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13971      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2683516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1241383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1459044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               554127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              363834                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           192767                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1297462                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        14186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        13971                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4300012                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3289926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 53295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                167786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1241383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1459044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1241383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.320190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.320190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.430999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.430999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7625263                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1795597                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1940925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          646                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2353095                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1398170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        90250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              275965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         43115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        56808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          136926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13540                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2715002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2439037     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9631      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20169      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           8430      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          45123      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          40657      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7856      0.29%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          16555      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127544      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2715002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.485435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2339074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        71271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          274808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        28910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19813                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1639100                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        28910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2342075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         48409                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        14772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          272872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1637050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         3087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1930428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7704798                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7704798                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1674517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         255899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       383274                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       192520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9491                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1631600                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1558575                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       146751                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       353991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2715002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2159740     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167117      6.16%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136788      5.04%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59033      2.17%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74333      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71752      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40970      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3281      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1988      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2715002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3901     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30433     86.37%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          903      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       981538     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13644      0.88%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       371573     23.84%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       191728     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1558575                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35237                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022608                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5868479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1778629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1542958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1593812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1956                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        28910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         43894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1631821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       383274                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        15603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1546108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             561734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         202533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           191674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.536798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1543095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1542958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          834682                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1648118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.535704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506446                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1242846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1460672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       171261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        13713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2686092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2155304     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194431      7.24%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91091      3.39%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89523      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24284      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       103982      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7844      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5684      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13949      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2686092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1242846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1460672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               554961                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              364397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           193007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1298855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        13949                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4304063                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3292801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 53249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                165242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1242846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1460672                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1242846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.317458                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.317458                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.431507                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.431507                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7634602                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1797070                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1942783                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2880244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         222549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85087                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2154938                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1315773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            222549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       107219                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              270050                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         72673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        80330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          134256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23246                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2553962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2283912     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          14331      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          22735      0.89%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33750      1.32%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          14458      0.57%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17080      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          17505      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12215      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         137976      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2553962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.456827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2127201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       108824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          268015                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1662                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        48257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        36139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1594191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        48257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2132623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         52096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        40002                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          264456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        16525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1590986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         8510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          974                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2175829                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7417091                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7417091                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1797156                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         378673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           48006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       160987                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        89159                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        18335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1585749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1479976                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2553962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1922913     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256085     10.03%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141396      5.54%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93125      3.65%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84859      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26241      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18533      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6595      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4215      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2553962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           385     10.19%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1645     43.52%     53.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1750     46.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1218307     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27206      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146744      9.92%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87555      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1479976                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.513837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002554                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5519824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1829140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1453154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1483756                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6992                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5707                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1188                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        48257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         37647                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1586112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       160987                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89159                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1216                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12540                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       138957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             226362                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         198166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            87405                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.506440                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1453271                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1453154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          859003                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2179540                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.504525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1077547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273366                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23586                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2505705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1973485     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253235     10.11%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105348      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53991      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40236      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22849      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14035      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11656      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30870      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2505705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1077547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1313855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               210997                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              127545                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           182716                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1187533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25602                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4062043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3222710                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 38469                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                326282                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1077547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1313855                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1077547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.672964                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.672964                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6620559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1984405                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1511744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           7064                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32733.010829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1243874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          39801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          31.252330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1463.208717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.449676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   132.445713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.817703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   138.849800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.966585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   105.163893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.734942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   231.042661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.897974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   316.049289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.766471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   320.638500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.883644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   320.017202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.780348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.723283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.945070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   105.505720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.818216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   139.656116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.654432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.160341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.655234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    67.818341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.147172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    75.920651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.699594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.914945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.731001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.838487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.896262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   318.449229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1704.753443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1536.375992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1213.717027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1856.170008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2321.933319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2303.141001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2304.213882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1874.958329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1198.733245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1551.360697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1881.132776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           989.999393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           987.468132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1846.917979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1867.629455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2308.258937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.044654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.004237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.007051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.009645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.009785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.009766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.004262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.006902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.006925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.006831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.009718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.052025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.046886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.056646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.070860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.070286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.070319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.057219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.036582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.047344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.057408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.030212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.030135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.056363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.056996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.070442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.998932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3986                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3986                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   7055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  7055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3869918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38401364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2241809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38924638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4265512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30325236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4758823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     69882578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3790537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97213228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3945345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98054661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3887254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97755195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4644716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68546752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4307330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31347568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2027567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     39052587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4451052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68446585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4048218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20767419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3906160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22463941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4697511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68120967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4486328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68420837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4012875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97029526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1018094037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       131800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       145926                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12992739                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12231993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12786014                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       130884                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       153800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12554148                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      51127304                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3869918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38533164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2241809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39070564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4265512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30325236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4758823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     69882578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3790537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110205967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3945345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    110286654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3887254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110541209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4644716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68546752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4307330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31347568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2027567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     39183471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4451052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68600385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4048218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20767419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3906160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22463941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4697511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68120967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4486328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68420837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4012875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109583674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1069221341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3869918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38533164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2241809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39070564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4265512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30325236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4758823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     69882578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3790537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110205967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3945345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    110286654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3887254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110541209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4644716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68546752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4307330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31347568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2027567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     39183471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4451052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68600385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4048218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20767419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3906160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22463941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4697511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68120967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4486328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68420837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4012875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109583674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1069221341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               13705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3986                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3986                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               378                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.482613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.532726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.535095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.538333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.477754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.421907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.475185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.305618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.476038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.474129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.537114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.489821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.975904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.977011                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.904762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.481092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.562934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.563369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.568323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.476241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.425775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.474737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.474522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.472632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.566874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.500959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.481092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.562934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.563369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.568323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.476241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.425775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.474737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.474522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.472632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.566874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.500959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       148843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151186.472441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160129.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149710.146154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157981.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150871.820896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158627.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152582.048035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 145789.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151186.979782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151744.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151318.921296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149509.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151323.831269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160162.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151988.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159530.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150709.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 144826.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150202.257692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153484.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152103.522222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152701.610294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150236.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152815.925170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156583.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152395.899329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       160226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152384.937639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154341.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150666.965839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151660.068077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       131800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       145926                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151078.360465                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151012.259259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148674.581395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       130884                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       153800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 147695.858824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149495.040936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       148843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151110.447059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160129.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149695.647510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157981.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150871.820896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158627.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152582.048035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 145789.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151174.165981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151744.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151284.847737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149509.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151012.580601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160162.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151988.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159530.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150709.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 144826.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150128.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153484.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152107.283814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152701.610294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150236.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152815.925170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156583.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152395.899329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       160226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152384.937639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154341.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150320.540466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151555.115663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       148843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151110.447059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160129.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149695.647510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157981.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150871.820896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158627.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152582.048035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 145789.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151174.165981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151744.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151284.847737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149509.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151012.580601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160162.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151988.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159530.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150709.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 144826.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150128.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153484.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152107.283814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152701.610294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150236.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152815.925170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156583.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152395.899329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       160226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152384.937639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154341.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150320.540466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151555.115663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2967                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2967                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              7055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             7055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2359617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23624071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1428847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23782262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2695569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18625745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3017102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43234387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2275465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59790280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2433319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     60348043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2377699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     60162576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2958737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     42317717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2739637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19242996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1215624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23916586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2767009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42267560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2476650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12860368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2394619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13904783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2954397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42124573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2861065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42307075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2503120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59542029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627509527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        73125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        88028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7984109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7513974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7778485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        72834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        95369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7604699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31210623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2359617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23697196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1428847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23870290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2695569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18625745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3017102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43234387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2275465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67774389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2433319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67862017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2377699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67941061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2958737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     42317717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2739637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19242996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1215624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23989420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2767009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42362929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2476650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12860368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2394619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13904783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2954397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42124573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2861065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42307075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2503120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     67146728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    658720150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2359617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23697196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1428847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23870290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2695569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18625745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3017102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43234387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2275465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     67774389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2433319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67862017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2377699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67941061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2958737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     42317717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2739637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19242996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1215624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23989420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2767009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42362929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2476650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12860368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2394619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13904783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2954397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42124573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2861065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42307075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2503120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     67146728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    658720150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.482613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.532726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.535095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.538333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.477754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.421907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.475185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.305618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.476038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.474129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.537114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.489821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.975904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.977011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.904762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.481092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.562934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.563369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.568323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.476241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.425775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.474737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.474522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.472632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.566874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.500959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.481092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.562934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.563369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.568323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.476241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.425775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.474737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.303571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.474522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.472632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.566874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.500959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90754.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93008.153543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102060.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91470.238462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99835.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92665.398010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100570.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94398.224891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 87517.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92986.438569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93589.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93129.695988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91449.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93130.922601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102025.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93830.858093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101468.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92514.403846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 86830.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91986.869231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95414.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93927.911111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91727.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94561.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92100.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94590.360544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98479.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94238.418345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102180.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94225.111359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96273.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92456.566770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93476.765530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        73125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        88028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92838.476744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92765.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90447.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        72834                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        95369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89467.047059                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91259.131579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90754.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92930.180392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102060.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91457.049808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99835.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92665.398010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100570.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94398.224891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 87517.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92968.983539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93589.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93089.186557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91449.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92815.657104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102025.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93830.858093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101468.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92514.403846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 86830.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91913.486590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95414.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93931.106430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91727.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94561.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92100.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94590.360544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98479.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94238.418345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102180.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94225.111359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96273.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92107.994513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93369.262934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90754.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92930.180392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102060.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91457.049808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99835.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92665.398010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100570.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94398.224891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 87517.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92968.983539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93589.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93089.186557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91449.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92815.657104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102025.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93830.858093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101468.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92514.403846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 86830.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91913.486590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95414.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93931.106430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91727.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94561.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92100.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94590.360544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98479.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94238.418345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102180.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94225.111359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96273.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92107.994513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93369.262934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.448756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354101.971119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.711759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4977614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4977614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4977614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4977614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4977614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4977614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155550.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155550.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155550.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155550.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155550.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155550.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4270168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4270168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4270168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4270168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4270168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4270168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158154.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158154.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158154.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158154.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158154.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158154.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171130831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             190568.854120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.893232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.106768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.605052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.394948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       241827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         241827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       241827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        241827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242695396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242695396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2111418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2111418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    244806814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244806814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    244806814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244806814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110466.725535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110466.725535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140761.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140761.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110672.158228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110672.158228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110672.158228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110672.158228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67533747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67533747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       300982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       300982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67834729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67834729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67834729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67834729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105686.615023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105686.615023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100327.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100327.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105661.571651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105661.571651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105661.571651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105661.571651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              495.816743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845323777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1704281.808468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.816743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         138749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        138749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3099082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3099082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3099082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3099082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3099082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3099082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       138766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       138766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 182298.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182298.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 182298.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182298.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 182298.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182298.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2724259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2724259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2724259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2724259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2724259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2724259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194589.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194589.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194589.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194589.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194589.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194589.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  609                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132974438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             153727.673988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.848405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.151595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.690814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.309186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         175822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        175822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    266689803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266689803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11340752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11340752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    278030555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    278030555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    278030555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    278030555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        80591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.020733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132155.501982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132155.501982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133420.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133420.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132206.635758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132206.635758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132206.635758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132206.635758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66226874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66226874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       154226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66381100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66381100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66381100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66381100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108925.779605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108925.779605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       154226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109000.164204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109000.164204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109000.164204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109000.164204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              491.311654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              844470925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1675537.549603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.311654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.026140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         140153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        140153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5977759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5977759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5977759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5977759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5977759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5977759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       140187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       140187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175816.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175816.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175816.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175816.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175816.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175816.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5063666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5063666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5063666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5063666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5063666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5063666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174609.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174609.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174609.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174609.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174609.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174609.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              127661002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             169988.018642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   154.250844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   101.749156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.602542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.397458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        79589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79589                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       174902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         174902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       174902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        174902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198559787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198559787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1382562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1382562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199942349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199942349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199942349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199942349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        96883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        79605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126471.201911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126471.201911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86410.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86410.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126067.054855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126067.054855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126067.054855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126067.054855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53440673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53440673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       207473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53648146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53648146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53648146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53648146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108619.254065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108619.254065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69157.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69157.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108380.092929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108380.092929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108380.092929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108380.092929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.729918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              868084725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1512342.726481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.688357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   542.041561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       136767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       136767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         136767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       136767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        136767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9546204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9546204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9546204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9546204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9546204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9546204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       136812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       136812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       136812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       136812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       136812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 212137.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212137.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 212137.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212137.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 212137.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212137.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7182718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7182718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7182718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7182718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7182718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7182718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 231700.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231700.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 231700.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231700.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 231700.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231700.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              332274444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             275289.514499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   106.608486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   149.391514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.416439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.583561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       348296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        348296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       190086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       538382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         538382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       538382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        538382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    420576497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420576497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1121104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1121104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    421697601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    421697601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    421697601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    421697601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       351642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       351642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       190096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       541738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       541738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       541738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       541738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125695.306934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125695.306934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112110.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112110.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125654.827473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125654.827473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125654.827473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125654.827473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112280373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112280373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       336202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       336202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112616575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112616575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112616575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112616575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118314.407798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118314.407798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112067.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112067.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118294.721639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118294.721639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118294.721639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118294.721639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              515.841776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              849095051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1642350.195358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.841776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.041413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         134603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       134603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        134603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5753930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5753930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5753930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5753930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5753930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5753930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       134638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       134638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       134638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       164398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       164398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       164398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       164398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       164398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       164398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4637355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4637355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4637355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4637355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4637355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4637355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171753.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171753.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171753.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171753.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171753.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171753.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 1295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              141324529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             91118.329465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   201.653078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    54.346922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.787707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.212293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       102125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       184581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         184581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       184581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        184581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    389691398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    389691398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    118531683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    118531683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508223081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    508223081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508223081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    508223081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       105021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       188132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       188132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.027575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 134561.946823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134561.946823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 180964.401527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180964.401527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 143121.115460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143121.115460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 143121.115460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143121.115460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    144432422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144432422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14182260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14182260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158614682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    158614682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158614682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    158614682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119662.321458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119662.321458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161162.045455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161162.045455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122482.379923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122482.379923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122482.379923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122482.379923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              515.826000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              849095140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1642350.367505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.826000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       134692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       134692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         134692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       134692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        134692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6016156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6016156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6016156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6016156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6016156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6016156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       134726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       134726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       134726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       134726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       134726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176945.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176945.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176945.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176945.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176945.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176945.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4810147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4810147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4810147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4810147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4810147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4810147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178153.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178153.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178153.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178153.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178153.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178153.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              141324487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             91177.088387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   201.676675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    54.323325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.787800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.212200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       102188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        82349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          212                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       184537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         184537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       184537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        184537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          635                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          635                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    393634525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393634525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    113284277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    113284277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    506918802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    506918802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    506918802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    506918802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       105106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       188090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       188090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 134898.740576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134898.740576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 178400.436220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178400.436220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 142673.459612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142673.459612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 142673.459612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142673.459612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    146541269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146541269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13392159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13392159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159933428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159933428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159933428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159933428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121008.479769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121008.479769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161351.313253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161351.313253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123596.157651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123596.157651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123596.157651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123596.157651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              515.827014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              849094891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1642349.885880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.827014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         134443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       134443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        134443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5976549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5976549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5976549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5976549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5976549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5976549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       134478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       134478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       134478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170758.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170758.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170758.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170758.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170758.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170758.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4733025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4733025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4733025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4733025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4733025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4733025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175297.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175297.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175297.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175297.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175297.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175297.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              141324358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             91531.319948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.490715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.509285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.787073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.212927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       184414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         184414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       184414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        184414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    390065266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390065266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117803972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    117803972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    507869238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    507869238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    507869238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    507869238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       104909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       187945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       187945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       187945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       187945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.027281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136291.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136291.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 176089.644245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176089.644245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143831.559898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143831.559898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143831.559898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143831.559898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    145481209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145481209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13876686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13876686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    159357895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159357895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    159357895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159357895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121234.340833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121234.340833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 157689.613636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157689.613636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123725.073758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123725.073758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123725.073758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123725.073758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              569.819104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              868084828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1514982.247818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.734759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.084344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       136870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       136870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         136870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       136870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        136870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8753205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8753205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8753205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8753205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8753205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8753205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       136911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       136911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       136911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       136911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       136911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 213492.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213492.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 213492.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213492.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 213492.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213492.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6360701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6360701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6360701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 212023.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212023.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 212023.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212023.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 212023.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212023.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              332275238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             276205.517872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   106.657016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   149.342984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.416629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.583371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       348831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        348831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       539178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         539178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       539178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        539178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    413687792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    413687792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1603534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1603534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    415291326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415291326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    415291326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    415291326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       352154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       352154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       190357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       542511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       542511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       542511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       542511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124492.263617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124492.263617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160353.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160353.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124599.857786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124599.857786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124599.857786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124599.857786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    110016807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110016807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       462834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       462834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    110479641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110479641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    110479641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110479641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116543.227754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116543.227754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       154278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116662.767687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116662.767687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116662.767687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116662.767687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.286487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              844470937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1675537.573413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.286487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         140165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        140165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5986426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5986426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5986426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5986426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5986426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5986426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       140200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       140200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171040.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171040.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171040.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171040.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171040.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171040.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5024985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5024985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5024985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5024985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5024985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5024985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173275.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173275.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173275.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173275.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173275.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173275.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              127660405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             169761.176862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   154.247589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   101.752411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.602530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.397470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        79287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       174299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         174299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       174299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        174299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199930540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    199930540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1337422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1337422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    201267962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    201267962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    201267962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    201267962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        96577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       175880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       175880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127751.143770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127751.143770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83588.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83588.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127304.213789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127304.213789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127304.213789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127304.213789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54389896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54389896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       204865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54594761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54594761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54594761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54594761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110324.332657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110324.332657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68288.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68288.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110070.082661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110070.082661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110070.082661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110070.082661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.817266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              845323780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1704281.814516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.817266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       138752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       138752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         138752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       138752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        138752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2872725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2872725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2872725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2872725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2872725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2872725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       138769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       138769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       138769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       138769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       138769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168983.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168983.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168983.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168983.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168983.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168983.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2490775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2490775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2490775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177912.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177912.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177912.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177912.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177912.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177912.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              132974300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             153019.907940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   176.371990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    79.628010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.688953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.311047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        95225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       175684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         175684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       175684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        175684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    269446306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269446306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10524565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10524565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    279970871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    279970871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    279970871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    279970871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        80544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       177820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       177820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131373.137981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131373.137981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123818.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123818.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131072.505150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131072.505150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131072.505150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131072.505150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66406378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66406378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       139184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66545562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66545562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66545562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66545562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108507.153595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108507.153595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       139184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       139184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108557.197390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108557.197390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108557.197390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108557.197390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              569.694006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              868084826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1514982.244328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.608205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.085801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.045846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       136868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       136868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         136868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       136868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        136868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7974674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7974674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7974674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7974674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7974674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7974674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       136912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       136912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       136912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       136912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       136912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181242.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181242.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181242.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181242.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181242.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181242.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5769994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5769994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5769994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5769994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5769994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5769994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192333.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192333.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192333.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192333.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192333.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192333.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              332276658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             275519.616915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   106.647818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   149.352182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.416593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.583407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       349804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       190797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       540601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         540601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       540601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        540601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    417979083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417979083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1727532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1727532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419706615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419706615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419706615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419706615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       353178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       190807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       543985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       543985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       543985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       543985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123882.360107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123882.360107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 172753.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172753.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124026.777482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124026.777482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124026.777482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124026.777482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110082948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110082948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       476797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       476797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110559745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110559745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110559745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110559745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116243.873284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116243.873284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158932.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158932.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116378.678947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116378.678947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116378.678947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116378.678947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              474.638832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              847782310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1751616.342975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.638832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.031472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       141735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       141735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         141735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       141735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        141735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6313144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6313144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6313144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6313144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6313144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6313144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       141774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       141774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       141774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       141774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       141774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161875.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161875.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161875.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161875.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161875.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161875.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4983778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4983778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4983778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4983778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4983778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4983778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171854.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171854.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171854.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171854.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171854.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171854.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              123769345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             175808.728693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   150.566716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   105.433284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.588151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.411849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       111113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       192830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         192830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       192830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        192830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    121842399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121842399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       751101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       112262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       193987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       193987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       193987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       193987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106042.122715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106042.122715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93887.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93887.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105958.081245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105958.081245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105958.081245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105958.081245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     43513147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43513147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     43721555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43721555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     43721555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43721555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97782.352809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97782.352809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97592.756696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97592.756696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97592.756696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97592.756696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              474.128892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              847782131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1755242.507246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.128892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.030655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       141556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       141556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         141556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       141556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        141556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6249668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6249668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6249668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6249668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6249668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6249668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       141594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       141594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       141594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       141594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       141594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164464.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164464.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164464.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164464.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164464.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164464.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4825716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4825716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4825716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4825716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4825716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4825716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       172347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       172347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       172347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              123769204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             176058.611664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   150.359561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   105.640439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.587342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.412658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       110994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        110994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       192689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         192689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       192689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        192689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    124032069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124032069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       847760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       847760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    124879829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    124879829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    124879829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    124879829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       112134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       193837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       193837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       193837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       193837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108800.060526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108800.060526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       105970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108780.338850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108780.338850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108780.338850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108780.338850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44492182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44492182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       236457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       236457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44728639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44728639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44728639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44728639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100207.617117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100207.617117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        78819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100064.069351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100064.069351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100064.069351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100064.069351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              570.738885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              868084754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1512342.777003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.653282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.085603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.047521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       136796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       136796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         136796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       136796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        136796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7906532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7906532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7906532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7906532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7906532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7906532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       136839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       136839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       136839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       136839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       136839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183872.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183872.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183872.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183872.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183872.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183872.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6056159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6056159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6056159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6056159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6056159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6056159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 195359.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195359.967742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 195359.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195359.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 195359.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195359.967742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              332274440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             277357.629382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   106.584918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   149.415082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.416347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.583653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       348291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        348291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       538379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         538379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       538379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        538379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    413206834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    413206834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1100812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1100812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    414307646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    414307646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    414307646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    414307646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       351603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       351603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       190096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       541699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       541699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       541699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       541699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124760.517512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124760.517512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137601.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137601.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124791.459639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124791.459639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124791.459639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124791.459639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    109502080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109502080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       342407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       342407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    109844487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109844487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    109844487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109844487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116367.778959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116367.778959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114135.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114135.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116360.685381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116360.685381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116360.685381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116360.685381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              568.895096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              868084843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1517630.844406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.810215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.084881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       136885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       136885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         136885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       136885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        136885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8748582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8748582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8748582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8748582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8748582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8748582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       136926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       136926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       136926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       136926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       136926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 213380.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213380.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 213380.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213380.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 213380.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213380.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6781921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6781921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6781921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6781921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6781921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6781921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 233859.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233859.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 233859.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233859.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 233859.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233859.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              332275464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             275518.626866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   106.591414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   149.408586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.416373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.583627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       349048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       539405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         539405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       539405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        539405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    412583696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412583696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       937816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       937816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    413521512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413521512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    413521512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413521512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       352357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       352357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       190367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       542724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       542724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       542724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       542724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124685.311574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124685.311574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93781.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93781.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124592.200060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124592.200060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124592.200060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124592.200060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110527460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110527460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       273317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       273317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110800777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110800777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110800777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110800777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116713.262936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116713.262936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91105.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91105.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116632.396842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116632.396842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116632.396842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116632.396842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              515.839546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              849094672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1642349.462282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.839546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         134224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        134224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5629877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5629877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5629877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5629877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5629877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5629877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       134256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       134256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175933.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175933.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175933.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175933.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175933.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175933.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4676145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4676145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4676145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4676145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4676145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4676145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173190.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173190.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173190.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173190.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173190.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173190.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              141324134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             91649.892348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.471728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.528272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.786999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.213001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       101890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        101890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       184227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         184227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       184227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        184227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    395075316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395075316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    116564139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    116564139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    511639455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    511639455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    511639455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    511639455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       104792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       187798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       187798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       187798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       187798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 136138.978635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136138.978635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 174236.381166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174236.381166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 143276.240549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143276.240549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 143276.240549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143276.240549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2285                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2285                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145387690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145387690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13697706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13697706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159085396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159085396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159085396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159085396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121257.456214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121257.456214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 157444.896552                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157444.896552                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123705.595645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123705.595645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123705.595645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123705.595645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
