
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 274127                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   352481                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 184160                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67763312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57760.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15833754160                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20359578287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       207616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       386944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       368000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       235904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       234624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       387456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       390400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       236928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       385280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       236416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       366336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4341632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           66176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       996096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            996096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       421163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19517877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       360996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36376413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     34595497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       336930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22177218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22261450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22056885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36424546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36701310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22273483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       373030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36219981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22225351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       433196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34439065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19566010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               408154664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       421163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       360996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       336930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       373030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       433196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6221173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          93642489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               93642489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          93642489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       421163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19517877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       360996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36376413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     34595497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       336930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22177218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22261450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22056885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36424546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36701310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22273483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       373030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36219981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22225351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       433196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34439065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19566010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              501797153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1882304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8412                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18013814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10701108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1882304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       927273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2353040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        529113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1667749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1110928                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22373982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20020942     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         254606      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         294472      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         162529      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         184501      0.82%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         103718      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          71177      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         181972      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1100065      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22373982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.419504                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17864556                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1820156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2332920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       337400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       305653                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13064341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        10269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       337400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17893774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        528709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2323347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        79891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13055501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        19382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        37378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18143910                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60785836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60785836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15486457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2657441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3481                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          217318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251380                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       679014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17091                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       149972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13032991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12320213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1625577                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3763156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22373982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17183663     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2087693      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122381      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775465      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678180      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346459      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85182      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54416      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40543      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22373982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3075     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11684     43.62%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12028     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10310224     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192259      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1508      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142507      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673715      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12320213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.482977                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47059124                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14662197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12110695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12347000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14818                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          392                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       337400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        489865                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13036509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251380                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1971                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8668                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       212063                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12134772                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1745154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1698297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           673531                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.475707                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12110973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12110695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7197851                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18847018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.474763                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9095148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11158958                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877722                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       187274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22036582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17477404     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2114649      9.60%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886051      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531547      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368724      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238590      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123886      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99444      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196287      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22036582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9095148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11158958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1690768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1026575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1597165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10060227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       227081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       196287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34876910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26410785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                277644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3134946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9095148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11158958                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9095148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.804674                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.804674                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.356548                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.356548                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54740617                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16808856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12191997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1747884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1576697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18530441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10989080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1747884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       717803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2171890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        294852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2381463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1064788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23283110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21111220     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          77057      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         157576      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          67373      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         359847      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         321775      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          61990      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         130498      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         995774      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23283110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18340797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2572555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2163936                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       199044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       153728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12885809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1435                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       199044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18365789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2373592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       114099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2148389                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        82192                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12878167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        40002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        27414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2181                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15129389                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     60647018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     60647018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13376383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1753001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          191542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3035709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1533602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        74316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12851283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338245                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1019760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2461099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23283110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18857111     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1346659      5.78%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094952      4.70%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472550      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       591843      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       560213      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318656      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25349      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15777      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23283110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30957     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237324     86.23%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6944      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7742946     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107781      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2957183     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529597     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338245                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.483683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275225                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48242276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13872890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12231467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12613470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122352                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10384                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       199044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2313461                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12852802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3035709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53348                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       108946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12251662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2947373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4476819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1604668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1529446                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.480289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12231863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12231467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6609318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13052795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.479497                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506353                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9927158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11666107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1188060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        95098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23084066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18838558     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560579      6.76%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728235      3.15%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716611      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197921      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820074      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61994      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45545      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114549      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23084066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9927158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11666107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4436572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             2913354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1540032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10374461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       112959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       114549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35823658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25907415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                399369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2225818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9927158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11666107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9927158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.569610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.569610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.389164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.389164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60560111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14211841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15333209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25506772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1788129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1462545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763184                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704965                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183361                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17360543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10138658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1788129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       888326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2124288                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        514951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       877870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1069918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20696249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18571961     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         115197      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         181143      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         287123      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         121297      0.59%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         136286      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         143684      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          93999      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1045559      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20696249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.397489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17198333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1041806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2117418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         5433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       333257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       292732                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12379354                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1575                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       333257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17223712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        258277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       706409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2097939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        76653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12369489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         2614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17168412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     57532180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     57532180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14627217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2541123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          222983                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       634286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       144305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12351177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11682496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1581298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3524544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          393                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20696249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15765740     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1982162      9.58%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081345      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       737980      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688227      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198836      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153002      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53052      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35905      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20696249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2800     12.97%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8208     38.01%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10585     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9786222     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184448      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1414      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080746      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629666      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11682496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.458015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21593                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44098650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13935867                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11492626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11704089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34841                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          746                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       333257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        181549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10856                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12354440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634286                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1820                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8103                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101741                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       204677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11515300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1016451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1645779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1620301                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           629328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.451460                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11492823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11492626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6720142                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        17550100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.450572                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8591695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10531175                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1823262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       181057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20362992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16084856     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2072141     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807472      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435516      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324439      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181288      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112565      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99764      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244951      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20362992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8591695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10531175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1579099                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              965314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1511626                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9489478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       213970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       244951                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           32472426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25042245                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                283366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4810523                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8591695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10531175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8591695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.968771                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.968771                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.336840                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.336840                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       51925976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15932951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11546045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         2848                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1734596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1553829                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163409                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100129                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18425537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              9867539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1734596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1248463                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2198774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        461392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       771768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1115867                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21717429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19518655     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         340431      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         165081      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         336761      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         102145      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         312900      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          47664      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          77757      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         816035      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21717429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.386827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18260296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       941551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2194288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       319566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       158544                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     10992213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       319566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18279780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        610627                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       270997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2174519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        61936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     10974554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        47230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     14331240                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     49665158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     49665158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     11560953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2770287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          143933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2023041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       311302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        70383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         10916258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1427                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        10204030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2017221                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4146681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21717429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17246051     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1382457      6.37%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1525231      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       873472      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       443497      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111960      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129011      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3159      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2591      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21717429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16696     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6927     23.73%     80.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5569     19.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7972129     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77055      0.76%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          700      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1846194     18.09%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       307952      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     10204030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.400018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42161953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12934938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9940289                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     10233222                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419326                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       319566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        541064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10917693                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2023041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3672                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       147423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10077084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1820409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2128334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1534582                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           307925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.395041                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              9942988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             9940289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6021406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        12944011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.389679                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.465189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7925243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      8885445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2032701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       138235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21397863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18109197     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1278545      5.98%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       834172      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260450      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440460      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83817      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52750      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47995      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290477      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21397863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      7925243                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      8885445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1906036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1603715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1366673                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         7754141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       107649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       290477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32025506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          22156111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                417513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3791499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           7925243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             8885445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      7925243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.218693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.218693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.310685                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.310685                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       46903799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      12909270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11740703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1740197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1558159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139718                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165928                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1150138                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18468769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              9896816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1740197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1250885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2204848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        462675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       752615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1118554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     21748441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19543593     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         341388      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         165387      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         337039      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         102734      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         313414      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          47824      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          78007      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         819055      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     21748441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068219                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.387975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18302916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       923049                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2200335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       320415                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       159687                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1794                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     11026178                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       320415                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18322452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        584146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       278592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2180551                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        62281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     11008447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        47406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     14379884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     49822934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     49822934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     11599580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2780304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1434                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          144615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2026389                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       312810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        70943                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         10950166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1438                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        10233722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2023305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4159989                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21748441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17263564     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1388269      6.38%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1528861      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874872      4.02%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       445060      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112410      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129647      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3121      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2637      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21748441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16770     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6957     23.72%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5598     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7998446     78.16%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77466      0.76%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1847489     18.05%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309617      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     10233722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.401182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29325                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42252181                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12974937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9970466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     10263047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       420147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8872                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       320415                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        515197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10951613                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2026389                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       147979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10106575                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1822435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2132016                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1539444                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           309581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.396198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              9973226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             9970466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6040366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        12998932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.390862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.464682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7947747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      8913174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2038899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1420                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       138651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21428026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18127282     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1284463      5.99%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       836581      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261826      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441504      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84243      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52972      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48232      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290923      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21428026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      7947747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      8913174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1910180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1606242                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1370697                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         7779102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       108220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       290923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           32089150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          22224825                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                418687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3760487                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           7947747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             8913174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      7947747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.209580                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.209580                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.311567                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.311567                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       47036932                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      12952250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11773766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1730630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1550099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       138881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1160887                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1145050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18380079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              9844016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1730630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1245067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2193090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        459968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       773228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1113042                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       135950                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21666741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19473651     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         339832      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         164387      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         335636      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         101828      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         312317      1.44%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          47572      0.22%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          77436      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         814082      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21666741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.385908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18215106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       942746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2188623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       318563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       158279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1781                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     10964120                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       318563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18234560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        615219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       267462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2168929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        62004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     10946564                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        47234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     14296463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     49538620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     49538620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     11532368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2763968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          143850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2017312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       310404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1958                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        70436                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         10888610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1427                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        10176862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2011635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4132777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21666741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17206573     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1379250      6.37%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1522242      7.03%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870327      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       442322      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111616      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       128716      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3077      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2618      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21666741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16707     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6905     23.67%     80.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5554     19.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7952388     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        76851      0.76%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          698      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1839706     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       307219      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     10176862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.398956                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42056589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12901701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9914933                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     10206028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       417569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       318563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        546672                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10890046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2017312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       310404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          217                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93312                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       147186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10050294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1814757                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2121943                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1530953                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           307186                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.393994                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              9917723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             9914933                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6007292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        12917142                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.388688                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.465064                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7905595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      8863481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2026908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       137821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21348178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18067141     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1275946      5.98%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       832020      3.90%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260037      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       439236      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83656      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52517      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47942      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289683      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21348178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      7905595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      8863481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1901303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1599711                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1363303                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         7735003                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       107399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       289683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           31948858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          22099704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                416579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3841987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           7905595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             8863481                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      7905595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.226668                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.226668                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.309917                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.309917                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       46780485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      12877665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11712524                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1408                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1749883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1578562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       650371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4082                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18547593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10999452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1749883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       718445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2174367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        296711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2385153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1066181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23307679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21133312     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          77590      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         158003      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          67299      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         359903      1.54%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         321996      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          62178      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         130481      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         996917      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23307679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18350757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2583423                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2166393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       200333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       153851                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12898213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       200333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18376119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2386111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       109519                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2150241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12890405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        43821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        28442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          714                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15145813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     60703703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     60703703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13383327                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1762396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          197515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3036994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1533823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        74475                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12862821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345467                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7444                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1025283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2479402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23307679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18872499     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1353548      5.81%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1097251      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474102      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592603      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558583      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       317698      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25564      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15831      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23307679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30966     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236602     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6945      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7749724     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107900      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2957332     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529773     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345467                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.483967                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274513                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022236                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48280570                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13889949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12238387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12619980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22292                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          338                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10319                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       200333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2321768                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12864340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3036994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          338                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       109575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12258602                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2947706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4477307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1605172                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1529601                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.480561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12238800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12238387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6613625                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13068201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.479769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506085                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9931276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1194480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        95670                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23107346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18857253     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1564815      6.77%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729193      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716585      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198086      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818482      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62194      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45621      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115117      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23107346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9931276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11671157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4437331                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2913827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1540752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10379030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       113068                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       115117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35857840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25931707                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                399264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2201249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9931276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11671157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9931276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.568545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.568545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60591765                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14221142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15343949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1753474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1582004                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         624252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          95737                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18588140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11023856                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1753474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       719989                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2179360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        298598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2346456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1068606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94365                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23316633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.859407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21137273     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          76796      0.33%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         159054      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          67833      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         360842      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         321522      1.38%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          62413      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         130883      0.56%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1000017      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23316633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068740                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18390553                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2545981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2171411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       201900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       153987                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12931966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       201900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18416585                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2351244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       107877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2154915                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        84107                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12923314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        42191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        28354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          523                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15178575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60854632                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60854632                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13405300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1773268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          198479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3046392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1539108                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13906                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        73805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12894925                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12375057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8766                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1034431                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2505191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23316633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18873130     80.94%     80.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1355889      5.82%     86.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098265      4.71%     91.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474344      2.03%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593529      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       560658      2.40%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319443      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25458      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15917      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23316633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31021     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237534     86.21%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6976      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7765220     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108051      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          739      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2967586     23.98%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1533461     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12375057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.485127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275531                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48351044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13931205                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12265804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12650588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       125652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       201900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2287950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3046392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1539108                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54091                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       110163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12287574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2956435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4489713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1608142                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1533278                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.481697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12266219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12265804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6626018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13086487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.480844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506325                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9949822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11692384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1205424                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        95984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23114733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18857627     81.58%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1566496      6.78%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730645      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       717939      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198206      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820744      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62329      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45713      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115034      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23114733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9949822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11692384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4447754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             2920738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1543426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10397750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       113143                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       115034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35897481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25997553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                400468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2192295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9949822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11692384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9949822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.563757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.563757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390053                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390053                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60733282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14250298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15379119                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25507444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1738302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1556831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165103                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1149641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18452761                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              9886766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1738302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1250053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2202698                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        462620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       759913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1117743                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21737518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19534820     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         340855      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         165328      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         336968      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         102686      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         312940      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          47971      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          77998      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         817952      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21737518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.387603                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18287040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       930186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2198154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1779                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       320355                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       159133                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1791                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     11014930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       320355                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18306581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        606713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       263158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2178392                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        62315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     10996999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        47512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     14362357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     49769053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     49769053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     11583681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2778580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          145006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2025753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       312299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        70841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         10938393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10223702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2022801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4158480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21737518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17258045     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1385854      6.38%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1526552      7.02%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874972      4.03%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444489      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112175      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129639      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3173      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2619      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21737518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16681     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6913     23.69%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5583     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7988851     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77301      0.76%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          702      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1847953     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308895      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10223702                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.400812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42221220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12962658                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9959010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10252879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       420504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       320355                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        535243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10939838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2025753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3783                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          232                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       148112                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10096135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1822429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2131298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1537523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           308869                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.395811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              9961780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             9959010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6032995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        12975041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.390435                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.464969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7938497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      8901832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2038351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1416                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       138661                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21417163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18121638     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1281414      5.98%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       836034      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261238      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440964      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84047      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52972      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48135      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290721      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21417163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      7938497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      8901832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1908507                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1605225                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1369054                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         7768919                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       108000                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       290721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           32066599                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          22201073                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                418303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3769926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           7938497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             8901832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      7938497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.213133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.213133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.311223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.311223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       46989890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      12935438                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11762237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1416                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1979748                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204297                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19055926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11073238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1979748                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       980756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2309184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        532747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       979165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1166999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22681934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20372750     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         106865      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         170402      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         231315      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         237552      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         201596      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         112490      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         168072      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1080892      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22681934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18864230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1175004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2304819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       326008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13585399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18915765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        159343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       897017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2256553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       118012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13579562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        50978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18949483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63171418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63171418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16405614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2543855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3339                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          354793                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       688558                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       221153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13563050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1511097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3622076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22681934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17191791     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291415     10.10%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150513      5.07%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840060      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664260      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271488      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171557      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89159      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11691      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22681934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2672     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7871     36.88%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10797     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10827840     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192173      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166259      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686200      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.504689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48453441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15077555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12679185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12895424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        131269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13566423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688558                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       222703                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12695261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1097523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1783667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1803809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           686144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.497679                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12679304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12679185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7278502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19615600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.497049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9563510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11768215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1798204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       196944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22346693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17480753     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2430503     10.88%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901028      4.03%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430468      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384820      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209684      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168085      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82774      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258578      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22346693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9563510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11768215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1743959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1065879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1697080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10603050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       242415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       258578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35654469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27468110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                290302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2826994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9563510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11768215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9563510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.667319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.667319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       57136665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17661790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12594627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1745516                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1574499                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       772301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18540260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10975339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1745516                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       718957                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2169931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        295206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2327373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1065938                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23236429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21066498     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          77028      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         157582      0.68%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          67158      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         359785      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         321962      1.39%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          63054      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         130185      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         993177      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23236429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18353774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2515236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2162029                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         6752                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       198633                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       153541                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12869330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1434                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       198633                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18378547                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2312689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       119671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2146610                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12861406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        39566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        27189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1037                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15109240                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60570919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60570919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13361069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1748165                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          190149                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3033901                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1533252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12834816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1505                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12328859                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7371                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1010957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2422295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23236429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18809653     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1350352      5.81%     86.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095089      4.71%     91.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472220      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       590184      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559419      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318521      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25216      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15775      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23236429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30872     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237119     86.26%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6887      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7735983     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107433      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955821     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1528886     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12328859                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.483315                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48176396                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13847622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12222251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12603737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22366                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122114                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       198633                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2253362                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        22987                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12836330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3033901                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14194                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       109813                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241954                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4474710                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1603171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1528707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.479909                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12222670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12222251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6603181                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13035961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.479136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506536                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9917585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11654522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        95864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23037796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18794302     81.58%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560948      6.78%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728006      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716099      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197258      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819923      3.56%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61992      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45478      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113790      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23037796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9917585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11654522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4434072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             2911784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1538415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10364069                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       113790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35761568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25873847                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                400257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2272499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9917585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11654522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9917585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.572091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.572091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       60520180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14200369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15318067                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25507686                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1738169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1556901                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139872                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1149714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100597                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18453961                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              9886428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1738169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1250311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2203152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        462969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       763858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1118042                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21743320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19540168     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         340537      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         165860      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         337011      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         102651      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         313475      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          47815      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          77895      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         817908      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21743320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.387586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18288512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       933865                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2198564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       320557                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       158911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1792                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     11016304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       320557                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18308153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        611313                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       262262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2178689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        62342                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     10998115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        47403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     14363182                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     49774930                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     49774930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     11583673                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2779412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          144807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2026311                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       312267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        70812                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         10939394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        10226228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7326                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2023755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4157446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21743320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17263292     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1385749      6.37%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1526626      7.02%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       875102      4.02%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444500      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112764      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129501      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3193      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2593      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21743320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16682     57.08%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6969     23.84%     80.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5577     19.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7990194     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77263      0.76%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          702      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1849221     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308848      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     10226228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.400908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29228                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42232330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12964607                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9960952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10255456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7988                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       421057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       320557                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        541833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10940830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2026311                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3804                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        94273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       148301                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10098534                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1822871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2131687                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1537465                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           308816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.395902                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              9963783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             9960952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6033893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        12981675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.390508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.464801                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7938492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      8901827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039358                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       138806                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21422763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18127505     84.62%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1281280      5.98%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       835935      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261049      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441114      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83982      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52978      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48064      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290856      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21422763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      7938492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      8901827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1908505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1605224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1369053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         7768915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       108000                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       290856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           32073066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          22203297                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                418653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3764366                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           7938492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             8901827                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      7938492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.213165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.213165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.311220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.311220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       47000446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      12938235                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11761844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1981128                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1620744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777342                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19073853                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11080983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1981128                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       981891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2310935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        533475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       997955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1168204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22719302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20408367     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         107102      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         170347      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         231363      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         237490      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         201928      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         113175      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         168900      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1080630      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22719302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.434396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18881113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1193333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2306528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       335619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       326111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13595064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       335619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18932665                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        167612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       906849                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2258273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       118281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13589363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        51004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18964132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63217804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63217804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16419066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2545061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          355430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       689005                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       221190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13572686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12884218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1511147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3621789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22719302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17224355     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2293816     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1151925      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840155      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664719      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271725      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171475      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89320      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11812      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22719302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2641     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7876     36.92%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10813     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10835875     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192392      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1614      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167552      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686785      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12884218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.505087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48510992                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15087267                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12688967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12905548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25846                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205206                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       335619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        139572                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13576077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       689005                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       223123                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12705042                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1098308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1785041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1805139                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           686733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.498063                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12689081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12688967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7283899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19631152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.497432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9571425                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11777912                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1798178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       197295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22383683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17513828     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2432371     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       902121      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430809      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384712      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209677      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168430      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82821      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258914      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22383683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9571425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11777912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1745423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1066766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1698462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10611783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       242604                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       258914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35700794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27487824                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                290455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2789626                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9571425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11777912                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9571425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.665113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.665113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.375219                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.375219                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57180498                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17675541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12603530                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508926                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1787137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1461568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7913                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17368142                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10136000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1787137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       888211                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2123786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        514095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       859468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1069977                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20684482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18560696     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         115069      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         181288      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         287642      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         120729      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         136113      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         143084      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          94016      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1045845      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20684482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397351                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17206010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1023542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2117018                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5415                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       332495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       292744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12377303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       332495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17231542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        241959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       706891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2097408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        74185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12368052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        27526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17166972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     57527034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     57527034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14634601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2532371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3225                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          224417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1181981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       634699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       143661                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12349938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3233                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11685856                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15560                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3502535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20684482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15752917     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1982411      9.58%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081731      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       737906      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688302      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       199019      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153326      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52954      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35916      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20684482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2798     12.96%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8213     38.04%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10579     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9788842     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184433      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1415      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081153      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630013      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11685856                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44093344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13927096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11496030                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11707446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216209                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       332495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        164423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12353195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1181981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101404                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       204443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11518492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1646720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1620614                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           629691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451548                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11496238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11496030                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6721775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        17553960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8596086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10536402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1816858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2854                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       180951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20351987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16072266     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2072663     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808028      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434992      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325036      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181534      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112368      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100115      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244985      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20351987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8596086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10536402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1579870                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              965772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1512331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9494187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       214056                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       244985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32460210                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25039051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                283272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4824444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8596086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10536402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8596086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.967505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.967505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336983                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336983                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       51941886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15937022                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11544467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2852                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1884130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186204                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734453                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18003503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10709857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1884130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       928252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2354602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        528975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1612453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1110262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22310050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19955448     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         254458      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         294925      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         162786      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         184908      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         103676      0.46%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          71111      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         182073      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1100665      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22310050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073862                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.419847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17853971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1765218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2334133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       337515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       305891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13071898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        10263                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       337515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17883564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        590326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1093575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2324489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        80579                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13062311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        19921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        37506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18152616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60817549                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60817549                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15491132                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2661479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3450                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          219163                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       679697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       149967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13039477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1629204                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3769460                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22310050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17117847     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2088822      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1121997      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776257      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678273      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346716      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85250      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54344      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40544      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22310050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3113     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11546     43.27%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12025     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10313526     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192322      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142945      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674217      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.483145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26684                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47003792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14672282                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12115638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12351203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31095                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          349                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       337515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        552008                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13033                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13042964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       211838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12139584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1746320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1698809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           673995                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.475895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12115943                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12115638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7201318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18857000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.474957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381891                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9097846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11162177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       187066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21972535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17411942     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115245      9.63%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886265      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531677      2.42%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369071      1.68%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238803      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123873      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99438      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196221      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21972535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9097846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11162177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1691200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1026828                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1597596                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10063127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       227131                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       196221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34819441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26423920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                277228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3198878                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9097846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11162177                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9097846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.803843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.803843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.356653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.356653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54764642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16813630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12202005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719972.955241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798639.777027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719972.955241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798639.777027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719972.955241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798639.777027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1658                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.473341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         180050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        48.583378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.665063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.876993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   719.474741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1253.456543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.351306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.612039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3326                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1622                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1657                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61545072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1374719161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1436264233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2437823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61545072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1377156984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1438702056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61545072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1377156984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1438702056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758430.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848592.074691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867833.373414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1218911.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218911.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758430.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849048.695438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868257.124925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758430.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849048.695438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868257.124925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                946                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     946                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58471582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1232454765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290926347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2262223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58471582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1234716988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293188570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58471582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1234716988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293188570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1670616.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 760774.546296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780015.919637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1131111.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131111.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1670616.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761231.188656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780439.692215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1670616.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761231.188656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780439.692215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3053                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.934313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         154680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        30.323466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.535967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.781204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1113.183671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         916.433472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.543547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.447477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4123                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3053                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66428150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2867350268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2933778418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10340666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10340666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66428150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2877690934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     2944119084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66428150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2877690934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    2944119084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.422608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2214271.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950397.834935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962841.620610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1723444.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723444.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2214271.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951932.164737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964336.417950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2214271.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951932.164737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964336.417950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63794150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602457668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2666251818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9813866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9813866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63794150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612271534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676065684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63794150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612271534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676065684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.422608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.423093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2126471.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862597.834935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875041.620610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1635644.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635644.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2126471.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 864132.164737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876536.417950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2126471.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 864132.164737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876536.417950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2911                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.593252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         123114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        24.826376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.216039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.237239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   841.541319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1174.598655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.410909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.573534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3419                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2877                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2912                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57569365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2685057786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2742627151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6737870                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6737870                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57569365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2691795656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     2749365021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57569365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2691795656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    2749365021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              6319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               6331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              6331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1644839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 934583.287852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943131.757565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1684467.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1684467.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1644839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 935625.879736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944150.075893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1644839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 935625.879736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944150.075893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54495738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2432936538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2487432276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6386670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54495738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2439323208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2493818946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54495738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2439323208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2493818946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1557021.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846827.893491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855375.610729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1596667.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596667.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1557021.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 847870.423358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856393.868819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1557021.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 847870.423358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856393.868819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1871                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.855913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         121408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        30.979331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.817029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.176333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   894.105028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1104.757522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.436575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.539432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3270                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3271                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36500876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1449852414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1486353290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36500876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1449852414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1486353290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36500876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1449852414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1486353290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1303602.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786680.637005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794416.509888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1303602.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786680.637005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794416.509888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1303602.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786680.637005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794416.509888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     34042476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1288009302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322051778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     34042476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1288009302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322051778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     34042476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1288009302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322051778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1215802.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698865.600651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706601.698557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1215802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698865.600651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706601.698557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1215802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698865.600651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706601.698557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1877                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.855793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         121427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        30.936815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.821481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.055697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   893.937620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1105.040995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.436493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.539571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            584                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 584                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3285                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3286                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1877                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     34064656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1422341110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1456405766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     34064656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1422341110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1456405766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     34064656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1422341110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1456405766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          584                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             584                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1261653.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 768833.032432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 775922.091636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1261653.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 768833.032432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 775922.091636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1261653.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 768833.032432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 775922.091636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     31694056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1259911110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291605166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     31694056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1259911110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291605166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     31694056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1259911110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291605166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1173853.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 681033.032432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 688122.091636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1173853.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 681033.032432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 688122.091636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1173853.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 681033.032432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 688122.091636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1860                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.827719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         121404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        31.065507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.816277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.109370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   891.973882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1106.928191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.435534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.540492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            578                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 578                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3268                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3269                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1834                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1861                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     33429158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1475367376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1508796534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     33429158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1475367376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1508796534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     33429158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1475367376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1508796534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          578                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             578                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1238116.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 804453.312977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810745.047824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1238116.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 804453.312977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810745.047824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1238116.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 804453.312977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810745.047824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     31058558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1314367842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345426400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     31058558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1314367842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345426400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     31058558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1314367842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345426400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1150316.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716667.307525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722958.839334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1150316.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716667.307525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722958.839334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1150316.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716667.307525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722958.839334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3058                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.936210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        30.296514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.554618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.627551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1113.205217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         916.548823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.543557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.447534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1259                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1259                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4131                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3060                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64268090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2885981923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2950250013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6514221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6514221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64268090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2892496144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     2956764234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64268090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2892496144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    2956764234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2008377.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 954990.709133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966028.164047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1085703.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1085703.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2008377.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 955249.717305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966262.821569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2008377.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 955249.717305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966262.821569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                545                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     545                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61458490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2620783749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2682242239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5986453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5986453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61458490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2626770202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2688228692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61458490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2626770202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2688228692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.422964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920577.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 867234.860688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878271.852980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 997742.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 997742.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920577.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 867493.461691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878506.108497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920577.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 867493.461691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878506.108497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3082                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.935222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.153411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.538397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.131583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1115.138926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         914.126315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.544501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.446351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4126                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3082                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72418045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2862987627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2935405672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9301620                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9301620                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72418045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2872289247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2944707292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72418045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2872289247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2944707292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2263063.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 940534.700066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954293.131339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1550270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1550270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2263063.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 941734.179344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955453.371836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2263063.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 941734.179344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955453.371836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69608276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2595705184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2665313460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8774820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8774820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69608276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2604480004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2674088280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69608276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2604480004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2674088280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2175258.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 852728.378449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866486.820546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1462470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1462470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2175258.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853927.870164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867647.073329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2175258.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853927.870164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867647.073329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1878                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.853637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         121411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        30.924860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.816049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.638975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   895.432677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1103.965937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.539046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3271                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3272                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1879                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     31280209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1437779733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1469059942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     31280209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1437779733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1469059942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     31280209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1437779733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1469059942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.361931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.365209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.361507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.361507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1158526.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 776338.948704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781830.730176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1158526.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 776338.948704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 781830.730176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1158526.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 776338.948704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 781830.730176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     28900609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1274275615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303176224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     28900609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1274275615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303176224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     28900609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1274275615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303176224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.361931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.361507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.361507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1070392.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 688053.787797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693547.750931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1070392.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 688053.787797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693547.750931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1070392.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 688053.787797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693547.750931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1156                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.504865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         158763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.551498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.231046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   546.828393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1442.176467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.015250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.267006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.704188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     995893070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      995893070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     995893070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              3824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               3839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              3839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3041                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.934881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        30.393791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.430443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1111.075406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         918.892014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.542517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.448678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4116                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4117                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61568091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2860475218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2922043309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9352731                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9352731                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61568091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2869827949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     2931396040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61568091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2869827949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    2931396040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               7158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              7158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1986067.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952222.109854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962781.979901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1558788.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1558788.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1986067.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953431.212292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963957.921736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1986067.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953431.212292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963957.921736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58844573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2596652089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2655496662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8825931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8825931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58844573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2605478020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2664322593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58844573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2605478020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2664322593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1898212.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864398.165446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874957.714003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1470988.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1470988.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1898212.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865607.315615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876133.703716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1898212.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865607.315615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876133.703716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1874                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.854983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         121414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        30.957165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.818260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.042967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   894.254275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1104.739483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.436648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.539424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3276                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3277                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1848                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1875                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     31499074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1425955012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1457454086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     31499074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1425955012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1457454086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     31499074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1425955012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1457454086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1166632.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 771620.677489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777308.845867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1166632.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 771620.677489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 777308.845867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1166632.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 771620.677489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 777308.845867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     29128474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1263772500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292900974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     29128474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1263772500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292900974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     29128474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1263772500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292900974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1078832.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 683859.577922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689547.186133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1078832.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 683859.577922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689547.186133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1078832.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 683859.577922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689547.186133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1157                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.547668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         158769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.537910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.269581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.435610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   547.776969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1442.065508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.267469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.704134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2687                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2689                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1157                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78766904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    913452977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     992219881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78766904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    913452977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      992219881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78766904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    913452977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     992219881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              3831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               3846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              3846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019664.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817042.018784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857579.845290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019664.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817042.018784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857579.845290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019664.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817042.018784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857579.845290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75342376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    814102774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889445150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75342376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    814102774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889445150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75342376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    814102774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889445150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1931855.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728829.699194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769416.219723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1931855.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728829.699194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769416.219723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1931855.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728829.699194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769416.219723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2899                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.584395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        24.884779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.207818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.193988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   839.967520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1175.215069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.410140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.573835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3407                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3408                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2862                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2898                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60200695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2653744356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2713945051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4970878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4970878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60200695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2658715234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2718915929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60200695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2658715234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2718915929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.456768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.456532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.456532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1672241.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 928531.965010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937783.362474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1242719.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1242719.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1672241.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 928971.081062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938204.254313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1672241.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 928971.081062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938204.254313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                447                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     447                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57038054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2402752338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2459790392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4619678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57038054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2407372016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2464410070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57038054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2407372016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2464410070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.456768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.456532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.456532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584390.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 840711.104969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849962.125777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1154919.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154919.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584390.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841150.250175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850383.046929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584390.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841150.250175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850383.046929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1661                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.500096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        48.548396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.758004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.647376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   718.302343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1254.792373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.350734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.612692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1660                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59066361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1379678783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1438745144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1622752                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1622752                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59066361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1381301535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1440367896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59066361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1381301535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1440367896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.327492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.327492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1737245.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 849555.900862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867759.435464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       811376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       811376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1737245.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 849508.939114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867691.503614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1737245.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 849508.939114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867691.503614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                952                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     952                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56081161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1237052063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293133224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1447152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56081161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1238499215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294580376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56081161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1238499215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294580376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.327492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.327492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1649445.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 761731.565887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779935.599517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       723576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       723576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1649445.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 761684.634071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779867.696386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1649445.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 761684.634071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779867.696386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.726474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              999330620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1929209.691120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.726474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1110875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1110875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1110875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1110875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1110875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93199823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93199823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93199823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93199823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93199823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93199823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1110928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1110928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1110928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758487.226415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758487.226415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758487.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758487.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758487.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758487.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61920293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61920293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61920293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61920293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61920293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61920293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1720008.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1720008.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1720008.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1720008.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1720008.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1720008.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4947                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              157953020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             30358.066500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.749914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.250086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.874023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.125977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       783038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       660437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1646                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1443475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1443475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1443475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1443475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7004466584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7004466584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    315226807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    315226807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7319693391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7319693391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7319693391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7319693391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       800118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       660939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1461057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1461057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 410097.575176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410097.575176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 627941.846614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 627941.846614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 416317.449153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 416317.449153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 416317.449153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 416317.449153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4584763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 764127.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1605703638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1605703638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3415923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3415923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1609119561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1609119561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1609119561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1609119561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 325700.535091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325700.535091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 200936.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200936.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 325271.793208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325271.793208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 325271.793208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325271.793208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              565.623933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1028780061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1792299.757840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.841759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.782174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.868241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1064740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1064740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1064740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1064740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1064740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94804417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94804417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94804417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94804417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94804417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94804417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1064788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1064788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1064788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1064788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1064788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1064788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975092.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1975092.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1975092.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       650665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 325332.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66741250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66741250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66741250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66741250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2152943.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2152943.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2152943.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              405038941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             54727.596406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.005546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.994454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2780568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2780568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1521695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4302263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4302263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4302263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4302263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        26056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        26056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        26056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        26056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12136907673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12136907673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34594716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34594716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12171502389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12171502389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12171502389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12171502389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2806604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2806604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1521715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1521715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4328319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4328319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4328319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4328319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466158.690774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466158.690774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1729735.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1729735.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467128.584165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3174307049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3174307049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10390466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10390466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3184697515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3184697515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3184697515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3184697515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444643.094131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444643.094131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1731744.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731744.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445723.934920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.938909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003737543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1908246.279468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.938909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1069862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1069862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1069862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1069862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1069862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81854784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81854784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81854784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81854784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81854784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81854784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1069918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1069918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1069918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1461692.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1461692.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1461692.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1461692.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1461692.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1461692.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57932686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57932686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57932686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57932686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57932686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57932686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1609241.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609241.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1609241.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609241.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1609241.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609241.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166738923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             25460.211177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.594238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.405762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.885134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.114866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       739485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       610837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1350322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1350322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1350322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1350322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        16802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        16802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7578775378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7578775378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     59255575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59255575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7638030953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7638030953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7638030953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7638030953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       756213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       610911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       610911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1367124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1367124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1367124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1367124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 453059.264586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453059.264586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 800751.013514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800751.013514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 454590.581657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454590.581657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 454590.581657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454590.581657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2933174328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2933174328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7283870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7283870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2940458198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2940458198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2940458198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2940458198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 466842.961643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466842.961643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 606989.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 606989.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 467110.118824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467110.118824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 467110.118824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467110.118824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.425054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              917843274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1650797.255396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.232808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.192246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1115829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1115829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1115829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1115829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1115829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40739136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40739136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40739136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40739136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40739136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40739136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1115867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1115867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1115867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1072082.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1072082.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36805023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36805023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36805023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36805023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36805023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36805023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1269138.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269138.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204650098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             38116.986031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   191.158915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    64.841085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.253285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1669465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1669465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       300871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       300871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1970336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1970336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1970336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1970336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8198407394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8198407394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2202184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2202184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8200609578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8200609578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8200609578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8200609578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1687529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1687529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       300897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       300897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1988426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1988426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1988426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1988426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453853.376550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453853.376550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84699.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84699.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453322.806965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453322.806965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453322.806965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453322.806965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679285682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679285682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679670282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679670282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679670282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679670282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328820.380262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328820.380262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328509.736358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328509.736358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328509.736358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328509.736358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.043327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              917845962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1653776.508108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.850509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.192818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.038222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1118517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1118517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1118517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1118517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1118517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1118517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40753342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40753342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40753342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40753342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40753342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40753342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1118554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1118554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1118554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1118554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1118554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1118554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1101441.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101441.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1101441.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1101441.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1101441.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1101441.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     34355480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34355480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     34355480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34355480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     34355480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34355480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1226981.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1226981.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1226981.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1226981.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1226981.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1226981.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204652894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             37961.953997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   190.774206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    65.225794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.745212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.254788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1670639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       302479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1973118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1973118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1973118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1973118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8020754598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8020754598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2237082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2237082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8022991680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8022991680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8022991680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8022991680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1688793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1688793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       302505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1991298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1991298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1991298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1991298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441817.483640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441817.483640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86041.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86041.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441308.673267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441308.673267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441308.673267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441308.673267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1652791753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1652791753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       388577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       388577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1653180330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653180330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1653180330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653180330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 322244.443946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322244.443946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64762.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64762.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321943.589094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321943.589094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321943.589094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321943.589094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              550.036569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              917840448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1653766.572973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.843806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.192764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1113003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1113003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42204032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42204032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42204032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42204032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42204032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42204032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1082154.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1082154.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1082154.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1082154.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1082154.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1082154.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     33735295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33735295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     33735295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33735295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     33735295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33735295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1204831.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1204831.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1204831.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1204831.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1204831.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1204831.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              204644009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             38201.233713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   190.741327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    65.258673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.745083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.254917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1664099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1664099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       300145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       300145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          704                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          704                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1964244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1964244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1964244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1964244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8316687748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8316687748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2207181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2207181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8318894929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8318894929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8318894929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8318894929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1682170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1682170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       300171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       300171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          704                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1982341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1982341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1982341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1982341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 460222.884622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460222.884622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84891.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84891.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459683.645300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459683.645300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459683.645300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459683.645300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1704580691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704580691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1704965291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704965291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1704965291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704965291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334493.856162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334493.856162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334175.870443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334175.870443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 334175.870443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334175.870443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              565.117707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1028781457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1786078.918403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.339882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.777825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.037404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1066136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1066136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1066136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1066136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1066136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82838416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82838416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82838416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82838416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82838416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82838416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1066181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1066181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1066181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1840853.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1840853.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1840853.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1840853.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1840853.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1840853.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64597790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64597790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64597790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64597790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64597790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64597790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957508.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1957508.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957508.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1957508.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957508.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1957508.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              405039541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             54639.085525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.990103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.009897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2780881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2780881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4302862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4302862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4302862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4302862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        26088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12130100415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12130100415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21111098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21111098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12151211513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12151211513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12151211513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12151211513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2806949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2806949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4328950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4328950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4328950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4328950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 465325.318973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 465325.318973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1055554.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1055554.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 465777.810219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465777.810219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 465777.810219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465777.810219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3193560407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193560407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6564021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6564021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3200124428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200124428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3200124428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200124428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 446464.477422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446464.477422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1094003.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1094003.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447007.183685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447007.183685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447007.183685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447007.183685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              566.000660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1028783871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1786083.109375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.222349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.778311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.038818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1068550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1068550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1068550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1068550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1068550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104395526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104395526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104395526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104395526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104395526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104395526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1068605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1068605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1068605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1898100.472727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898100.472727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72747745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72747745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72747745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72747745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72747745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72747745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204477.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204477.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              405051795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             54508.383125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.003971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.996029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2789625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2789625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1525489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1525489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4315114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4315114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4315114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4315114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        26051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        26051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12013750383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12013750383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31748340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31748340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12045498723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12045498723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12045498723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12045498723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2815656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2815656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1525509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1525509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4341165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4341165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4341165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4341165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461517.052092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461517.052092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1587417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1587417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462381.433457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462381.433457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462381.433457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462381.433457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3170291321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3170291321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9351420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3179642741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3179642741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3179642741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3179642741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442222.251500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442222.251500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1558570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1558570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443155.782718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443155.782718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443155.782718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443155.782718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.053647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              917845148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1653775.041441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.861984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.191663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1117703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1117703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1117703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1117703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1117703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1117703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39507422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39507422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39507422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39507422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39507422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39507422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1117743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1117743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1117743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1117743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1117743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1117743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 987685.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987685.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 987685.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 987685.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 987685.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 987685.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     31587806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31587806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     31587806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31587806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     31587806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31587806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1128135.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1128135.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1128135.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1128135.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1128135.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1128135.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              204652303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38053.607847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.795618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    65.204382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.745295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.254705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1670703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       301827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1972530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1972530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1972530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1972530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8092684606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8092684606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2213837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2213837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8094898443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8094898443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8094898443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8094898443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1688805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1688805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       301853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1990658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1990658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1990658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1990658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 447060.247818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447060.247818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85147.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85147.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446541.176247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446541.176247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446541.176247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446541.176247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1667421531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1667421531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1667806131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1667806131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1667806131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1667806131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325859.200899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325859.200899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325552.631466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325552.631466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325552.631466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325552.631466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.322991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998079411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1938018.273786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.322991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1166940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1166940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       910596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       455298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152107092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37510.996794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   222.832070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    33.167930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.870438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.129562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       803287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       674877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1478164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1478164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1478164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1478164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4100248705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4100248705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6935637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6935637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4107184342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4107184342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4107184342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4107184342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       815489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       674961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1490450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1490450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336030.872398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336030.872398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82567.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82567.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1099074184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1099074184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       976680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1100050864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100050864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1100050864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100050864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 290453.008457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290453.008457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        65112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              564.930746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1028781202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1789184.699130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.149860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.780887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1065881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1065881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1065881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1065881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1065881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1065881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93380252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93380252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93380252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93380252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93380252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93380252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1065938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1065938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1065938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1638250.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638250.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1638250.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638250.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1638250.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638250.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61889491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61889491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61889491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61889491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61889491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61889491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1934046.593750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1934046.593750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1934046.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1934046.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1934046.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1934046.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              405037088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             54868.204823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.001383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.998617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2779646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1520769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1520769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4300415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4300415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        25871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        25871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12082583774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12082583774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29969738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29969738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12112553512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12112553512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12112553512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12112553512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2805497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1520789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4326286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4326286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 467393.283587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467393.283587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1498486.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1498486.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 468190.387384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 468190.387384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 468190.387384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 468190.387384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3166811959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3166811959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9402531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9402531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3176214490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3176214490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3176214490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3176214490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 444776.960534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444776.960534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1567088.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1567088.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445721.932360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445721.932360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445721.932360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445721.932360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              550.047930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              917845447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1653775.580180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.855773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.192156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1118002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1118002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1118002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1118002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1118002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1118002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40925093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40925093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40925093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40925093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40925093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40925093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1118042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1118042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1118042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1118042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1118042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1118042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1023127.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1023127.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1023127.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1023127.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1023127.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1023127.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     31790739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31790739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     31790739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31790739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     31790739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31790739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1135383.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1135383.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1135383.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1135383.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1135383.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1135383.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204652575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             38046.583938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   191.146032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    64.853968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.746664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.253336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1670986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       301823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1972809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1972809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1972809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1972809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8121122806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8121122806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2534125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2534125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8123656931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8123656931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8123656931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8123656931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1689113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1689113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       301853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1990966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1990966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1990966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1990966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448012.512054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448012.512054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84470.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84470.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447411.848378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447411.848378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447411.848378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447411.848378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1655850383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1655850383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1656234983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656234983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1656234983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656234983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323534.658656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323534.658656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323230.870999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323230.870999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323230.870999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323230.870999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              509.737519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998080613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1934264.753876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.737519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.055669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1168142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1168142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1168142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1168142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1168142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1168142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103107049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103107049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103107049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103107049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103107049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103107049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1168203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1168203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1168203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1168203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1168203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1168203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1690279.491803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1690279.491803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1690279.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1690279.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1690279.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1690279.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     79258292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79258292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     79258292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79258292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     79258292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79258292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1933129.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933129.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1933129.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933129.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1933129.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933129.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152108398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37455.897070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   222.875021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    33.124979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.870606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.129394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       804001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        804001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       675450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1479451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1479451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1479451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1479451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4067772366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4067772366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6995223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6995223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4074767589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4074767589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4074767589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4074767589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       816245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       816245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       675534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1491779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1491779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1491779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1491779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332225.773113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332225.773113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83276.464286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83276.464286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330529.492943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330529.492943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330529.492943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330529.492943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1096625045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096625045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       976053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1097601098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1097601098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1097601098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1097601098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 289346.977573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289346.977573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 65070.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65070.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288462.837845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288462.837845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288462.837845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288462.837845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.298207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1003737594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1904625.415560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.438861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.859346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1069913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1069913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1069913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1069913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1069913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95484914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95484914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95484914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95484914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95484914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95484914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1069976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1069976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1069976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1515633.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1515633.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1515633.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1515633.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1515633.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1515633.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60578965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60578965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60578965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60578965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60578965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60578965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1637269.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1637269.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1637269.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1637269.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1637269.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1637269.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166739700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             25553.977011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.028729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.971271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.886831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.113169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       739956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       611148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1351104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1351104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        16599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        16599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7442525504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7442525504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     45957931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45957931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7488483435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7488483435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7488483435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7488483435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       756482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       611221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1367703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1367703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1367703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1367703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450352.505385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450352.505385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 629560.698630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629560.698630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451140.637087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451140.637087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451140.637087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451140.637087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2900990645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2900990645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5516878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5516878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2906507523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2906507523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2906507523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2906507523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 463639.227265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463639.227265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 459739.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459739.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 463631.763120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463631.763120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 463631.763120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463631.763120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.441856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              999329957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1932939.955513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.441856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.048785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1110212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1110212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1110212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1110212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1110212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86627992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86627992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86627992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86627992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86627992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86627992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1110262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1110262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1110262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1732559.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732559.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1732559.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732559.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1732559.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732559.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59413846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59413846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59413846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59413846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59413846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59413846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1697538.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697538.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1697538.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697538.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1697538.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697538.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157953455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             30253.486880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.714002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.285998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.873883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.126117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       783281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       660618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1443899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1443899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1443899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1443899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7028808279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7028808279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    291436766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291436766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7320245045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7320245045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7320245045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7320245045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       800468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       661117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1657                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1461585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1461585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 408960.742363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408960.742363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 584041.615230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 584041.615230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413900.545347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 413900.545347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413900.545347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 413900.545347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4098012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 819602.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1611655285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611655285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2600852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2600852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1614256137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1614256137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1614256137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1614256137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 325718.529709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325718.529709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152991.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152991.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 325127.117221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325127.117221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 325127.117221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325127.117221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
