
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012024                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12023727126                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577322158953                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 410542                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   517750                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 284090                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42323.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17375624846                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21913023603                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       267136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       425600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       276096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       480896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       265984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       279168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       270720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       173184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       422912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       487680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       162816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       484352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       268672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       483328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       171648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5265792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1606400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1606400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 41139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           12550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                12550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       308723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22217404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       393888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35396678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22962597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       393888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39995585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       351305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22121593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       383242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23218092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22515481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       383242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14403520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       383242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35173120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       383242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40559803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       404533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13541225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40283017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       383242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22770976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       361951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22345151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       372597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     40197852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14275773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               437950059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       308723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       393888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       393888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       351305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       383242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       383242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       383242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       383242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       404533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       383242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       361951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       372597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5972191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         133602500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              133602500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         133602500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       308723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22217404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       393888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35396678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       372597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22962597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       393888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39995585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       351305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22121593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       383242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23218092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       351305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22515481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       383242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14403520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       383242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35173120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       383242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40559803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       404533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13541225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40283017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       383242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22770976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       361951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22345151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       372597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     40197852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       372597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14275773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              571552558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953729                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1458761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434723                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5226                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23136384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12411916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1562935                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       343640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26648634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23880494     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426466      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210683      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420694      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130884      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         389754      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60284      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96614      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032761      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26648634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22853475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       632187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       203024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13857535                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5111                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22885649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        374995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       160893                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2733010                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95853                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13836996                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        77068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62665932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62665932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          206585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3336                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90864                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13764343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875622                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5158391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26648634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20998878     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767407      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906075      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103283      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561164      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139780      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164922      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3872      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3253      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26648634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21381     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8682     23.31%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7180     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083041     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99375      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297343     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394962      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875622                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37243                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002893                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52445844                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16277860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10153                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        249026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13766198                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          251                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117507                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265372                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           394926                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.440926                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12549545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12546712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16448433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173813                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26250404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22075763     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633384      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056172      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330605      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555825      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105752      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67531      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61318      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364054      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26250404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364054                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39653046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27932040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                515922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2185245                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.883387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.883387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346814                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346814                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59127054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14752820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2332520                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1907646                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230056                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       985744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921116                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10229                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22662752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13229562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2332520                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1160732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2773388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        664960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       410159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1394925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26276194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23502806     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         149852      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         238780      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         376972      1.43%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         156659      0.60%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         176239      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         186002      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         122918      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1365966      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26276194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.458820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22456643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       618311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2764467                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       429594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       382182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16157949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       429594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22489818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        198896                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       321674                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2738969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        97241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16147773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        36447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4553                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22416812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75114049                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75114049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19143651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3273161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4035                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          294847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       828002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24755                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       188188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16123852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4044                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15265010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2037854                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4533846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          314                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26276194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19837927     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584625      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1412933      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964484      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       899668      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       259653      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201450      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68202      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47252      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26276194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3563     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10968     38.59%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13893     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12786562     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240726      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412843      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823029      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15265010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.529412                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56853937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18165949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15017970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15293434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46007                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          985                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       429594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        134741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13628                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16127921                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          774                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       265532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15047318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2151678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2117059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           822611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.521862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15018242                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15017970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8780423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22936624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11244561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13782982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2344980                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3730                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       234667                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25846600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20248250     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2712633     10.50%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056169      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567961      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425634      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237430      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146272      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131198      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321053      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25846600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11244561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13782982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2066480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1263451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1978433                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12419529                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       279982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       321053                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           41653431                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32685558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                367005                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2557685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11244561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13782982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11244561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.564251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.564251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389977                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389977                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67857843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20819561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15069302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2339645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1917902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231611                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911488                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10247                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22389963                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13313257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2339645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1151604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2927127                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        656378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       754635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1380997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229983                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26492900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23565773     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         317616      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         365446      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         201242      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         231550      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         127300      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          87370      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         227149      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1369454      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26492900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22208570                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       939673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2903129                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        22697                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       418827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       380263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16256375                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        12058                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       418827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22243595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        261018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       581700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2892127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        95629                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16246595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        22386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        45996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22588142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75656472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75656472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19277174                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3310968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          261463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1550892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       844740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       187384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16220557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15330980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2027710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4688796                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26492900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20035982     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2594250      9.79%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396200      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968141      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843552      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431884      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104557      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67735      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50599      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26492900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3731     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14451     43.71%     54.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14882     45.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12834067     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239712      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1416465      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838859      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15330980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531700                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57208652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18252644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15073799                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15364044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       418827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        209152                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16224796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1550892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       263909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15101652                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2167903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2113508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           838589                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523747                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15074040                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15073799                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8960288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23475205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522781                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381692                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11319106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13887351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2337550                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       232748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26074073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20402341     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2629540     10.08%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103324      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660441      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458974      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296461      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154198      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123901      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244893      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26074073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11319106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13887351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2102747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1276903                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1987818                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12519675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       282519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       244893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           42054003                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32868645                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                344477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2340979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11319106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13887351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11319106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.547364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.547364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       68117563                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20928290                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15166598                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2241964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2022714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119629                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855299                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23744786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             14098421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2241964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       922793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2787129                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        375867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       576989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1364949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120041                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27362183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24575054     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          98859      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         203510      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          85541      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         463053      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         412335      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          79380      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         166895      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1277556      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27362183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23609588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       713942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2776853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       253028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       196892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16531192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       253028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23634577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        515472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       122164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2762319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        74618                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16521096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        31148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          534                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19403676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     77809336                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     77809336                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17176231                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2227438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          191051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1969256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        95870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16485850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15842280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1289330                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3092451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27362183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21735220     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683133      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384319      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       596943      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758070      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733806      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417178      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32810      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20704      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27362183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40197     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312286     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9059      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9940815     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138288      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797648     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964582     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15842280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361542                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59416646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17777529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15705037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16203822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28217                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12543                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       253028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        473986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16487798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68554                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       139825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15729811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5748821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2060838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1964392                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545532                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15705655                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15705037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8482413                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        16710347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12750713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14983465                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505963                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       122035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27109155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21677076     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981756      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929437      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919349      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249833      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069793      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80254      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58289      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143368      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27109155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12750713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14983465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5699465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3742752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1978924                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13323412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       145026                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       143368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43455176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          33231935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                522397                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1471696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12750713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14983465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12750713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.261354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.261354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       77759408                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18242459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      19678365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2183641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23137959                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12412279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2183641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1563047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2768244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        576507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       343703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1400464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171522                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26650364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23882120     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         425985      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         210813      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         420779      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         131085      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         390008      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          60176      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          96418      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1032980      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26650364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22846518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       640770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2762630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       398214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       203224                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13859282                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         5152                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       398214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22879378                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        381547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       160445                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2732712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        98064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13838645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        10367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        79455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18111880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62676389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62676389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14651110                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3460770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          210254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       398908                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3394                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        90621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13767433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12878434                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2510920                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5160964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26650364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20998644     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1769562      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905227      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103921      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561104      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139775      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164877      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3930      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3324      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26650364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21240     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8684     23.41%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7170     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10085093     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99542      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297559     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395338      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12878434                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.446642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37094                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52452896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12549670                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12915528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       398214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        251447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13769284                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          274                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117477                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       185325                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12716652                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       161782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2660786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1934935                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           395304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.441032                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12552608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12549670                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7601166                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        16455702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.435240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.461917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11239892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2529962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       173830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26252150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22076458     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633639      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056628      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330809      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555664      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105772      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67614      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61158      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364408      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26252150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10002749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11239892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2391810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2003287                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1726466                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9815782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       138255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       364408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39657557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27938261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                515690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2183515                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10002749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11239892                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10002749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.882595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.882595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59140400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16330509                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14753514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2338378                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1916763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       955653                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911236                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22391148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             13305322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2338378                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1151071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2926997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        656764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       760444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1381431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230332                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26499839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23572842     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         317050      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         368139      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         201545      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         230583      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         127600      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          86719      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         226055      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1369306      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26499839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081098                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22207510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       947766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2902400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        23262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       418897                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       380038                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     16246884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        12058                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       418897                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22243141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        250228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       599108                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2891408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        97053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     16237091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        22637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        46621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     22575327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     75611000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     75611000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     19266557                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3308770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2410                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          265116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1549886                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       844211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22340                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       186828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16211679                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15323566                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2026638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4676968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          512                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26499839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20045645     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2593660      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1395948      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       966842      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843826      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430374      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105166      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67710      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50668      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26499839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3726     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14551     43.81%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14934     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12829146     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239535      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414850      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838159      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15323566                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33211                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57200336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18242780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15066653                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     15356777                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       418897                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        199253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16216004                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1549886                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2406                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       264399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15094119                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2166606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2112639                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           837873                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15066906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15066653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8955720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        23464467                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522533                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11312878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13879832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2336237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       233048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26080942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20412023     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628538     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102030      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660339      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459174      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296116      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154585      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123665      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244472      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26080942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11312878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13879832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2101632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1276233                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1986793                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12512898                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       282389                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       244472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           42052461                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          32851055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                345146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2334040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11312878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13879832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11312878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.548766                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.548766                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       68083764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      20917440                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15157913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2339566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         912703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22397224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13305402                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2339566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1152363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2927176                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        655822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       751530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1381476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230381                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26496107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23568931     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         316860      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         369033      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         201634      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         230727      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127547      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          86819      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         225734      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1368822      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26496107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081139                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461450                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22214492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       938017                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2902495                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       417833                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       379114                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16243130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        12099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       417833                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22250181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        259801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       579764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2891368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        97156                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16233216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        22528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22575875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75590045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75590045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19281672                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3294178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4247                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2364                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          265626                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1548115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       843015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       186465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16207156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4254                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15321454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2012490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4653754                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          467                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26496107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20039150     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2596953      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1395940      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968431      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       843013      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429203      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105218      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67639      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50560      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26496107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3748     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14281     43.26%     54.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14986     45.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12828906     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239629      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1878      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413721      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837320      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15321454                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531370                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33015                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57191604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18224080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15066401                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15354469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37992                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       270888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          182                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       417833                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        208170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14708                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16211438                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1548115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          182                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       264700                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15092774                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2165183                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2113436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           837089                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15066668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15066401                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8957752                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23459741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11321751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13890665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2320896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       233185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26078274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20404042     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2631112     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103177      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660936      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459956      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296194      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154483      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124293      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244081      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26078274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11321751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13890665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2103278                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1277224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1988323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12522660                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       282597                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       244081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           42045676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32840986                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                344417                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2337772                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11321751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13890665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11321751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.546769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.546769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       68080855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20920140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15157482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2610684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2173571                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1004828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952947                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280052                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22693438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             14321088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2610684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1232999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2983616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        664301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       797827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1410524                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26898436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23914820     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         182965      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         230799      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         367058      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         152826      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         197672      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         230726      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         105787      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1515783      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26898436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090542                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496676                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22559405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       944932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2969304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       423296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       397255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     17499670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       423296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22582965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         73103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       807653                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2947264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        64145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     17390236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        44622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     24292107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     80862001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     80862001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20305414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3986671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          228908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       851084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9729                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       191141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16975351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        16280743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2067230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4214797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          189                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26898436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20002216     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3143850     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1286008      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720720      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       977504      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300501      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       295829      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159242      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12566      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26898436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112518     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15027     10.57%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14574     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13716279     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222355      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491964      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848131      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     16280743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564639                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008729                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59618759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19046932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15855823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     16422862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12011                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       423296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         55995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7055                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16979608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2221                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6140                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140217                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       274415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15996378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467571                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2315571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2262273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           848000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.554777                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15855935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15855823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9499695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        25512714                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.549903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372351                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11812934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14556402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2423288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4061                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       240418                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26475140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20314859     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3122135     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132606      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565263      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516354      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217327      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214720      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102113      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289763      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26475140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11812934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14556402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2158505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1319806                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2109939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13105489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       300573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       289763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           43164989                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          34382704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                345466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1935443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11812934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14556402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11812934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.440874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.440874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409689                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409689                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       71975780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      22157590                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16187559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2335774                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1910113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       991340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922465                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10307                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22668725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13244220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2335774                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1162658                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2776740                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        664975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       401532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1395492                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26276900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23500160     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         150804      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         238688      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         376777      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         157758      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         177143      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         186144      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         122187      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1367239      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26276900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081008                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22463235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       609040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2767902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       429604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       382808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16172836                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       429604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22496821                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        198788                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       313589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2741964                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        96132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16161948                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        27638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        36204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4170                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22434824                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     75179176                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     75179176                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19156720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3278101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4133                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2282                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          292870                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543366                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       828713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       188486                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16137292                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4142                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15277059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2045406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4534773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26276900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19834195     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2585986      9.84%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1414197      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964776      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900300      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260388      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201401      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68451      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47206      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26276900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3528     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10975     38.67%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13879     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12796794     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241119      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1851      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413610      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823685      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15277059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28382                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56878655                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18187038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15030298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15305441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46864                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          981                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       429604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        134009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16141459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543366                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131081                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       265242                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15059920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330533                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2153807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2119180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           823274                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522299                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15030550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15030298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8789539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22957691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11252258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13792337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2349193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3736                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       234676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25847296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20245910     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2713997     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056075      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568830      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425901      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237542      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146472      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130998      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321571      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25847296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11252258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13792337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2067867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1264300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1979736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12427981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       280166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       321571                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           41667177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          32712705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                367404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2556979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11252258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13792337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11252258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.562497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.562497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67916442                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      20836472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15085639                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3732                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2242880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119539                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799108                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5329                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23740945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             14100295                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2242880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       922894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2786815                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        375694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       586450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1364626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119954                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27367425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24580610     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          98659      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         203116      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          85305      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         463483      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         411713      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          79559      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         167537      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1277443      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27367425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       23606132                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       722998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2776498                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         8825                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       252967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       197035                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16532879                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1473                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       252967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       23631139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        521409                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       125383                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2761967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        74555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16522817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        31231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        27502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          335                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19405253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     77814460                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     77814460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17180905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2224338                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1933                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          985                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          190811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1969175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        95877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16488268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1940                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15843054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1289000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3098714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27367425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21741243     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1681705      6.14%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384169      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597414      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758525      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733650      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417333      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32667      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20719      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27367425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40126     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312311     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9043      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9941284     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138198      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797986     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964639     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15843054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361480                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59423641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17779627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15705855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     16204534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153487                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       252967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        479571                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16490222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          986                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       139695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15730873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5749289                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2061026                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1964481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.545569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15706483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15705855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8482129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16712478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.544701                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507533                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12753385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14986779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       121931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27114458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21681413     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981786      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929898      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919813      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249584      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069965      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80058      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58279      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143662      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27114458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12753385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14986779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5699952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3743048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1979390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        13326401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       145095                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       143662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43462879                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          33237260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                521828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1466454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12753385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14986779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12753385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.260880                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.260880                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       77763160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18243961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      19680391                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2610948                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       239308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1000786                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         953711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280054                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11118                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22706760                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14321132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2610948                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1233765                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2984121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        666177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       792336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1411799                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26907898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23923777     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         183053      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         231297      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         367368      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         152841      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         197640      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         230864      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         105314      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1515744      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26907898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496677                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22572717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       939359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2969906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       424420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       396794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     17499743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       424420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22596120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         73530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       801680                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2948002                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        64136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     17392039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        44458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     24296537                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     80871392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     80871392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     20302375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3994146                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          227877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       850493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       191468                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16975989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        16280791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2072220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4216963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          160                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26907898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20011026     74.37%     74.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3145610     11.69%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285169      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720967      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976461      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300343      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296424      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159345      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12553      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26907898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112598     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14969     10.53%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14557     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13717125     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222309      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491801      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847542      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     16280791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.564641                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142124                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59628235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19052527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15855076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16422915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307005                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11904                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       424420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         56141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16980211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6242                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140690                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       275234                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15995821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2315096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2261647                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           847420                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.554758                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15855195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15855076                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9499350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        25513404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.549877                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11811187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14554250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2426022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       241159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26483478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20323681     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121945     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132794      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565076      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516192      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217333      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214658      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102284      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289515      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26483478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11811187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14554250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2158197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1319608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2109613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13103575                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       300535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       289515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43174157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          34385000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                346488                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1925981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11811187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14554250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11811187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.441235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.441235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.409629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.409629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       71975841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      22158433                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      16187008                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2242647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023375                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119422                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853362                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123992                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5378                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23746357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14099804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2242647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       923410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2786756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        374941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       589444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1364797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119806                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27375136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24588380     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          98614      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         202709      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          85521      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         463342      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         411963      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          79803      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         167482      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1277322      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27375136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489001                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23611350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       726224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2776414                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       252331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       196916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16533198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       252331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23636384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        526079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       123763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2761827                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        74747                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16523194                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        31288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        27388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          423                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19408039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     77817188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     77817188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17187207                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2220827                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          191651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896979                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1969468                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18272                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        96336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16488165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1936                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15846157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8594                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1285762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3083799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27375136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21746470     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682916      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385558      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598084      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757723      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733504      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417381      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32825      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20675      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27375136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40062     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312405     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9046      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9943185     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138376      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798641     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965007     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15846157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361513                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59437557                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17776277                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15708887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16207670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28655                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       252331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        483975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16490117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896979                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969468                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          982                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       139659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15733710                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5750213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2061627                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1964831                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.545667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15709517                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15708887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8483788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        16715568                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.544807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12757065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14991357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1500477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       121816                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27122805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21687671     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982442      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930768      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919705      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249941      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070289      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80288      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58281      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143420      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27122805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12757065                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14991357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5700644                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3743472                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1980088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13330508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       145195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       143420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43471180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33236032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                521837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1458743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12757065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14991357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12757065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.260228                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.260228                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.442433                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.442433                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       77776962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18248800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      19680913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2337260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1917250                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959054                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911953                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10314                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22397355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13294693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2337260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1151365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2925734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        657428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       746678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1381986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231115                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26490866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23565132     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         316177      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         370657      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         201581      0.76%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         230179      0.87%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         127186      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          86901      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         225162      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1367891      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26490866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22214080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       933720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2900771                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        23551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       418740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       378524                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2359                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16230475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        12143                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       418740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22249985                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        274438                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       559959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2889660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        98080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16220419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        22973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        46979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22557997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     75531400                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     75531400                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19260801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3297187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2297                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          267946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1547399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       842027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       185003                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16194472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15308524                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2012596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4655491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          402                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26490866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20038681     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2597443      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1393604      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       965909      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       842595      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428979      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105358      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67653      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50644      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26490866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3751     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14142     43.03%     54.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14972     45.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12818891     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239239      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412497      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836021      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15308524                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32865                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57160261                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18211431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15053075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15341389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       271543                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          179                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       418740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        222162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16198683                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1547399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       842027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10779                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          179                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134930                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130212                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       265142                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15079023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1326558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2162327                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2110770                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           835769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522962                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15053333                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15053075                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8949638                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        23440635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11309532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13875674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2323157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       233851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26072126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20403605     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628630     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102236      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660236      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459613      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295418      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154547      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123688      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244153      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26072126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11309532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13875674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2101026                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1275854                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1986178                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12509146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       282293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       244153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           42026726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          32816432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                344936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2343013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11309532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13875674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11309532                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.549520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.549520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       68021457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20902783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15144643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2338312                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1916299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       955944                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         910797                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22410384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13311671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2338312                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1151065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2927122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        655658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       763331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1382432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230379                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26521059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23593937     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         317251      1.20%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         366342      1.38%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         201704      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         230499      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         127237      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          87249      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         227773      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1369067      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26521059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081096                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22226217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       951123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2902997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        22845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       417873                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       380450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16255343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        12131                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       417873                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22261202                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        232563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       621126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2892226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        96065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16246074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        46200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22590657                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75652510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75652510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19290267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3300382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2350                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          262877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1549220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       845060                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       187169                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16221301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15338735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19915                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2015612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4650012                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26521059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20060750     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2595185      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396699      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       969572      3.66%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844795      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430862      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104971      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67680      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50545      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26521059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3625     10.96%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14561     44.04%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14878     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12842244     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240016      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1879      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1415544      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       839052      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15338735                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57251506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18241326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15082123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15371799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38823                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       271419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          177                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       417873                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        181434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13920                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16225566                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1549220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       845060                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2346                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9872                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          177                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133790                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130321                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       264111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15109065                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329309                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2168096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2114810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           838787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524004                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15082349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15082123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8965287                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23483374                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11326906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13896912                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2328710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3791                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       232977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26103186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20427562     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2631285     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103832      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       661113      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459186      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296935      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154608      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123763      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244902      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26103186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11326906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13896912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2104248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1277801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1892                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1989180                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12528322                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       282722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       244902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           42083828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          32869136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                345242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2312820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11326906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13896912                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11326906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.545609                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.545609                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392833                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392833                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       68150537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      20940636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15165957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3786                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2243482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861672                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5362                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23751308                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             14101261                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2243482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923233                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2787145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        375044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       586533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1365275                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120088                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27377415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24590270     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          98516      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         203388      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          85296      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         463662      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         411933      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          79571      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         167657      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1277122      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27377415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.489052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       23616419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       723189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2776853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       252180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       197238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16533199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1495                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       252180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       23641314                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        524091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       123070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2762338                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        74417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16523311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        31411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        27263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          281                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19407254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     77813217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     77813217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17192750                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2214504                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          190636                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895992                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1969570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        95910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16488414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1934                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15849882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1280156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3066895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27377415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21747232     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683118      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386561      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597995      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758053      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733547      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417349      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32864      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20696      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27377415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40178     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312355     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9079      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9946733     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138463      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798623     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965115     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15849882                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.549696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361612                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59447356                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17770910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15712577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     16211494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          408                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       252180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        482031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16490362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895992                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          408                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       139931                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15737547                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785649                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5750580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2062885                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1964931                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.545801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15713187                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15712577                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8485560                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16715309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.544935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12760409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14995464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1496691                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       122076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27125235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21688550     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983580      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930506      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920472      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249674      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069889      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80494      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58209      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143861      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27125235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12760409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14995464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5701292                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3743879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1980689                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        13334214                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       145286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       143861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43473490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          33236523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                522135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1456464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12760409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14995464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12760409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.259636                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.259636                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.442549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.442549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       77791182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18253227                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      19682531                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28833879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2609744                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238830                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952893                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22693549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             14311861                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2609744                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1232939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2982456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        664930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       789799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1410686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26889733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23907277     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         183333      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         231522      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         366237      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         152582      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         197725      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         230333      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         105420      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1515304      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26889733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496356                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22559588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       936816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2968221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1432                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       423671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       397298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     17490061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       423671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22583035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         73274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       799455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2946282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        64006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     17381506                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        44543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     24278999                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     80822730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     80822730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     20298575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3980424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          227719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       850506                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9702                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       191199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16968577                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        16275186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2067788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4210505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26889733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19994946     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3144036     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285724      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720702      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976662      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299467      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296396      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159163      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12637      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26889733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112396     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15005     10.57%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14557     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13711927     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222232      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491495      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847519      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     16275186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.564447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            141958                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59598648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19040677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15849561                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16417144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11907                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       423671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         56330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7048                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16972792                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134737                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       275007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15990243                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2314479                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2261333                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           847412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.554564                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15849678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15849561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9496108                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        25504388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.549685                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11808912                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14551503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2421370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       240676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26466062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20307705     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121370     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131873      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565232      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516158      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217424      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214688      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102085      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289527      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26466062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11808912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14551503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2157773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1319360                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2109231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        13101077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       300477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       289527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43149330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          34369431                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                345909                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1944146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11808912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14551503                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11808912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.441705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.441705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       71947590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      22150026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16177209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          41153                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.579627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1695376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          73911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.938074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           257.076363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.561590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   851.687494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.956887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1260.420234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.150351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   864.735398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.448978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1510.184125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.422883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   848.277016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.144096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   875.802520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.321442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   854.910100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.615975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   557.802512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.933058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1253.842925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.474103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1548.578967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.805274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   524.572478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.102614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1536.561476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.920852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   848.302963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.132292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   845.463459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.633773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1531.568253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.999264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   554.368452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1012.872374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1124.600827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           990.253313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1159.734903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1039.377731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           954.507051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1018.859564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           652.031386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1148.622585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1118.072476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           730.788444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1128.746261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1006.685031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1027.737609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1143.848759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           682.063146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.038465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.046087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.025887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.017023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.038264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.047259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.016009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.046892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.025888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.025801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.046740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.016918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.030910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.034320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.030220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.035392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.031719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.029129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.031093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.019898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.022302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.034447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.030722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.031364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.020815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   67676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            23189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 23189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   223                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    67899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3941                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   67899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  41140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 41140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4652672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    344260024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5844448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    554314577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5298216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    361191955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5658274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    618355005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5141835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    341691488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6029957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    365600750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5348370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    352376948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5863140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223871135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5984595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550352326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5728567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    627067425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6404105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    211147232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5828184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    625277808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5914828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    353888659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5817025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    352696060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5747139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    620245681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5593930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    223130502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6816322860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       151955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       335720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       290988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       174030                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       158105                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1110798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4652672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    344411979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5844448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    554314577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5298216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    361191955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5658274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    618355005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5141835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    342027208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6029957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    365600750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5348370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    352376948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5863140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223871135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5984595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550352326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5728567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    627358413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6404105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    211147232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5828184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    625451838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5914828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    353888659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5817025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    352696060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5747139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    620403786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5593930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    223130502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6817433658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4652672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    344411979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5844448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    554314577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5298216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    361191955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5658274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    618355005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5141835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    342027208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6029957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    365600750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5348370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    352376948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5863140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223871135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5984595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550352326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5728567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    627358413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6404105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    211147232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5828184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    625451838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5914828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    353888659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5817025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    352696060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5747139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    620403786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5593930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    223130502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6817433658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              108809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        23189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             23189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               109039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              109039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.322450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.301994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.409500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.378029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.030435                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.407926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.321149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.409209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.318679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.377296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.407926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.321149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.409209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.318679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.377296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160436.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165033.568552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157958.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166711.150977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151377.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167451.068614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152926.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164587.438116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155813.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164591.275530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167498.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167629.871619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162071.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166608.486052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165462.775314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166238.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166571.527240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159126.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164671.067489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168529.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165996.251572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166519.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165286.229976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164300.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165445.843385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171088.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168030.519295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164203.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164259.979078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159826.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166391.127517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165714.216323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       151955                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       167860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       145494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       174030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       158105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158685.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160436.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165027.301869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157958.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166711.150977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151377.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167451.068614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152926.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164587.438116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155813.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164594.421559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167498.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167629.871619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162071.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166608.486052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165462.775314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166238.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166571.527240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159126.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164661.000787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168529.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165996.251572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166519.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165288.540698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164300.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165445.843385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168030.519295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164203.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164258.349484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159826.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166391.127517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165713.020369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160436.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165027.301869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157958.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166711.150977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151377.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167451.068614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152926.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164587.438116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155813.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164594.421559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167498.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167629.871619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162071.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166608.486052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165462.775314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166238.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166571.527240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159126.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164661.000787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168529.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165996.251572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166519.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165288.540698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164300.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165445.843385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168030.519295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164203.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164258.349484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159826.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166391.127517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165713.020369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             41140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            41140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2967930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    222774182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3689875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    360727985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3264158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    235595858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3504389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    399656293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3222111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220772068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3936988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    238617513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3432626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    229223829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3770663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    145106291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3891926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    357936809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3633943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405471070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4197475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    137108778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3792551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    405142702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3824551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    229357494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3837657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    230445744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3712806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400551547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3558750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145057223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4421783785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        93449                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       219370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       174205                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       116230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        99704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       702958                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2967930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    222867631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3689875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    360727985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3264158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    235595858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3504389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    399656293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3222111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220991438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3936988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    238617513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3432626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    229223829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3770663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    145106291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3891926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    357936809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3633943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405645275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4197475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    137108778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3792551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    405258932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3824551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    229357494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3837657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    230445744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3712806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400651251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3558750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145057223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4422486743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2967930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    222867631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3689875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    360727985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3264158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    235595858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3504389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    399656293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3222111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220991438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3936988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    238617513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3432626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    229223829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3770663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    145106291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3891926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    357936809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3633943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405645275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4197475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    137108778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3792551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    405258932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3824551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    229357494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3837657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    230445744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3712806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400651251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3558750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145057223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4422486743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.355120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.322450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.301994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.409500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.407926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.321149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.409209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.318679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.377296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.407926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.321149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.410635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.409209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.318679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102342.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106794.909875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99726.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108489.619549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93261.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109223.856282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94713.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106376.442108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97639.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106344.926782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 109360.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109407.387895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104018.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108380.060993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104740.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107247.813008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108109.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108334.385291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100942.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106478.747374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 110459.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107789.919811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108358.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107095.612477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106237.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107226.504909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 112872.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109788.348737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106080.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106078.269862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101678.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108170.934377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107499.666569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        93449                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       109685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87102.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       116230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        99704                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100422.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102342.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106788.515093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99726.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108489.619549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93261.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109223.856282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94713.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106376.442108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97639.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106348.141482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 109360.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109407.387895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104018.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108380.060993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104740.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107247.813008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108109.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108334.385291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100942.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106468.576115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 110459.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107789.919811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108358.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107098.026427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106237.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107226.504909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 112872.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109788.348737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106080.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106076.582208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101678.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108170.934377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107498.462397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102342.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106788.515093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99726.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108489.619549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93261.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109223.856282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94713.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106376.442108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97639.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106348.141482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 109360.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109407.387895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104018.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108380.060993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104740.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107247.813008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108109.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108334.385291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100942.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106468.576115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 110459.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107789.919811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108358.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107098.026427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106237.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107226.504909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 112872.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109788.348737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106080.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106076.582208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101678.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108170.934377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107498.462397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              552.374564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1797904.434470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    26.205464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.169100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5839716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5839716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5839716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5839716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5839716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5839716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162214.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162214.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5050763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5050763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5050763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5050763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5050763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5050763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168358.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168358.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168358.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168358.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168358.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168358.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221206381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35162.355905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.245375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.754625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2074121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2375663243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2375663243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5121535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5121535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2380784778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2380784778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2380784778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2380784778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2094903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114313.504138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114313.504138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113811.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113811.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114312.420320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114312.420320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114312.420320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114312.420320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    631153651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    631153651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       769177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       769177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    631922828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    631922828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    631922828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    631922828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104738.408729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104738.408729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85464.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85464.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104709.664954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104709.664954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104709.664954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104709.664954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              520.941052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1080581350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2046555.587121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.941052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1394873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1394873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1394873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1394873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1394873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1394873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8626426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8626426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8626426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8626426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8626426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8626426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1394925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1394925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1394925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1394925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1394925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1394925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165892.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165892.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165892.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165892.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165892.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165892.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6569445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6569445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6569445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6569445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6569445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6569445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172880.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172880.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172880.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172880.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172880.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172880.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              178889712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             21205.513514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   228.824258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    27.175742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.893845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.106155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       966902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       799160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1766062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1766062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2616970761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2616970761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8572234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8572234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2625542995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2625542995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2625542995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2625542995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       987975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       799262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1787237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1787237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124185.961230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124185.961230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84041.509804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84041.509804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123992.585360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123992.585360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123992.585360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123992.585360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    916309278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    916309278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1213235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    917522513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    917522513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    917522513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    917522513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112265.287675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112265.287675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67401.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67401.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112166.566381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112166.566381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112166.566381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112166.566381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.843334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1076048780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2077314.247104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.843334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.047826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1380953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1380953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1380953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1380953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1380953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1380953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7197895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7197895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7197895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7197895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7197895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7197895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1380997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1380997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1380997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1380997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1380997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1380997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163588.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163588.522727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163588.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163588.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163588.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163588.522727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6228586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6228586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6228586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6228586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6228586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6228586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173016.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173016.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173016.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173016.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173016.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173016.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170149961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26803.711563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.547021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.452979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       971351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        971351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       821521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1792872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1792872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1792872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1792872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2774955294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2774955294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29856693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29856693                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2804811987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2804811987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2804811987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2804811987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       992219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       992219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       821790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1814009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1814009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1814009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1814009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132976.581081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132976.581081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110991.423792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110991.423792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132696.787009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132696.787009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132696.787009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132696.787009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    651955670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    651955670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1203553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1203553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653159223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    653159223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    653159223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    653159223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107335.474152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107335.474152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66864.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66864.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107215.893467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107215.893467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107215.893467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107215.893467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              573.137895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1108892217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1908592.456110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.212421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.925474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.050020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1364899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1364899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1364899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1364899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1364899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8208904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8208904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8208904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8208904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8208904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8208904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1364949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1364949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1364949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164178.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164178.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164178.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164178.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164178.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164178.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6522612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6522612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6522612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6522612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6522612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6522612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171647.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171647.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171647.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171647.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171647.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171647.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 9210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              440733847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 9466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             46559.671139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.168487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.831513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3571775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1954753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5526528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5526528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        32694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        32694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3997102460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3997102460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2283610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2283610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3999386070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3999386070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3999386070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3999386070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3604439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1954783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5559222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5559222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122370.268797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122370.268797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76120.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76120.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122327.829877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122327.829877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122327.829877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122327.829877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1039964310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039964310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       596048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       596048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1040560358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040560358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1040560358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040560358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113027.313336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113027.313336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66227.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66227.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112981.580673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112981.580673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112981.580673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112981.580673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              552.723491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001432693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1785085.014260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.670814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.052677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.042742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1400424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1400424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1400424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1400424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1400424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6372375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6372375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6372375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6372375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6372375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6372375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1400464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1400464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1400464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159309.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159309.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159309.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159309.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159309.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159309.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5599572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5599572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5599572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5599572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5599572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5599572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164693.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164693.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164693.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164693.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164693.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164693.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              221206413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35252.018008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.242573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.757427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.719698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.280302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2073940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       386641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2460581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2460581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2368632752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2368632752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5553589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5553589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2374186341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2374186341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2374186341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2374186341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2094675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       386686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2481361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2481361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114233.554473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114233.554473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123413.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123413.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114253.433157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114253.433157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114253.433157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114253.433157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    629118592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    629118592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       801220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       801220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    629919812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629919812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    629919812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629919812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104678.634276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104678.634276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89024.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89024.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104655.227114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104655.227114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104655.227114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104655.227114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.300023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1076049214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2073312.551060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.300023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1381387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1381387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1381387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1381387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1381387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7742997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7742997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7742997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7742997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7742997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7742997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1381431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1381431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1381431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175977.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175977.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175977.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175977.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175977.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175977.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6782432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6782432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6782432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183308.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183308.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183308.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183308.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183308.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183308.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              170148527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26727.698241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.534547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.465453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.888807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.111193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       970311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       821081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821081                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1791392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1791392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        21147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        21147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2753226534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2753226534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32600609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32600609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2785827143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2785827143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2785827143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2785827143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       991192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       821347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1987                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1987                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1812539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1812539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131853.193525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131853.193525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122558.680451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122558.680451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131736.281411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131736.281411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131736.281411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131736.281411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            2044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    654768871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    654768871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1241182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    656010053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    656010053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    656010053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    656010053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107480.116710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107480.116710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68954.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68954.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107366.620786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107366.620786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107366.620786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107366.620786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              510.555244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076049260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2085366.782946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.555244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1381433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1381433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7479608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7479608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7479608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7479608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7479608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7479608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 173944.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173944.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 173944.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173944.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 173944.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173944.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6033345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6033345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6033345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6033345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6033345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6033345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 177451.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177451.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 177451.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177451.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 177451.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177451.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170148895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26795.101575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.550949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.449051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       970031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       821735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2755570080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2755570080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31175186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31175186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2786745266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2786745266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2786745266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2786745266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       990926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       990926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       821999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131877.007897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131877.007897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118087.825758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118087.825758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131704.960820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131704.960820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131704.960820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131704.960820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    645225185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    645225185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1306869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1306869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    646532054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646532054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    646532054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646532054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106192.426761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106192.426761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72603.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72603.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106093.215294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.215294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106093.215294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.215294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.011277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1077534490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2185668.336714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.011277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1410476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1410476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1410476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1410476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1410476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8192187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8192187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8192187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8192187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8192187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8192187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1410524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1410524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1410524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170670.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170670.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170670.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170670.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170670.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170670.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6588745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6588745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6588745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6588745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6588745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6588745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173388.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173388.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173388.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173388.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173388.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173388.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              160313795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35872.408816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.100906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.899094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.863675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.136325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1123761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       834502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1958263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1958263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        10912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        10912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1189703873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1189703873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7417672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7417672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1197121545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1197121545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1197121545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1197121545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1134573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       834602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2029                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1969175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1969175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110035.504347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110035.504347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 74176.720000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74176.720000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109706.886455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109706.886455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109706.886455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109706.886455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    429734952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429734952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1338146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1338146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    431073098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    431073098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    431073098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    431073098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102415.384175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102415.384175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78714.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78714.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102319.747923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102319.747923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102319.747923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102319.747923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.541261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1080581922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2050440.079696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.541261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1395445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1395445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1395445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1395445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1395445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8246959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8246959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8246959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8246959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8246959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8246959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1395492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1395492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1395492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175467.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175467.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175467.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175467.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175467.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175467.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6555711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6555711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6555711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177181.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177181.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177181.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177181.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177181.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177181.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              178890756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             21215.696869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.861155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.138845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.893989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.106011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       967296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       799695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1766991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1766991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        21114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        21114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        21114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2599538055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2599538055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9042469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9042469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2608580524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2608580524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2608580524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2608580524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       988310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       799795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1788105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1788105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123705.056391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123705.056391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90424.690000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90424.690000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123547.434120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123547.434120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123547.434120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123547.434120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    913838378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    913838378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1260581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1260581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    915098959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    915098959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    915098959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    915098959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112003.723250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112003.723250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74151.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74151.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111925.019447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111925.019447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111925.019447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111925.019447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              572.593844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1108891895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1911882.577586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.668624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.925220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1364577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1364577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1364577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1364577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1364577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8138752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8138752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8138752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8138752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8138752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8138752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1364626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1364626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1364626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166096.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166096.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166096.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166096.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166096.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166096.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6372534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6372534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6372534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6372534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6372534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6372534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172230.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172230.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172230.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172230.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172230.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172230.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 9219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              440734179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 9475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             46515.480633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.170173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.829827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3571917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1954944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5526861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5526861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        32886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        32886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4016453263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4016453263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3417503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3417503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4019870766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4019870766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4019870766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4019870766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3604773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1954974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5559747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5559747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122244.133887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122244.133887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113916.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113916.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122236.537311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122236.537311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122236.537311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122236.537311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1046973321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046973321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       922666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       922666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1047895987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047895987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1047895987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047895987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113677.885016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113677.885016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102518.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102518.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113666.990671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113666.990671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113666.990671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113666.990671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              488.547359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1077535762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2176839.923232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.547359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1411748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1411748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1411748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1411748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1411748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1411748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9959871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9959871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9959871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9959871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9959871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9959871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1411799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1411799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1411799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1411799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1411799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195291.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195291.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195291.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195291.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195291.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195291.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7873605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7873605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7873605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7873605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7873605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7873605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 196840.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196840.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 196840.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196840.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 196840.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196840.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              160313772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35744.430769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.112961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.887039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.863723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.136277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1123872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       834400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1958272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1958272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1177311639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1177311639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9236842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9236842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1186548481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1186548481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1186548481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1186548481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1134738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       834493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1969231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1969231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108348.209001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108348.209001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99320.881720                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99320.881720                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108271.601515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108271.601515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108271.601515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108271.601515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        42173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        42173                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    423305243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423305243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1472993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1472993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    424778236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424778236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    424778236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424778236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100499.820275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.820275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86646.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86646.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100444.132419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100444.132419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100444.132419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100444.132419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              572.734773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1108892070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1915184.922280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.483215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.251558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1364752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1364752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1364752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1364752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1364752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8386397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8386397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8386397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8386397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8386397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8386397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1364797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1364797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1364797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 186364.377778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186364.377778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 186364.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186364.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 186364.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186364.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6812532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6812532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6812532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6812532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6812532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6812532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       189237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       189237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       189237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       189237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       189237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       189237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 9215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              440734580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 9471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             46535.168409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.166857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.833143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3572050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1955211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5527261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5527261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        32740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        32740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4015567045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4015567045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2714369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2714369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4018281414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4018281414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4018281414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4018281414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3604760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1955241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5560001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5560001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122762.673341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122762.673341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90478.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90478.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122733.091448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122733.091448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122733.091448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122733.091448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1046892185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046892185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       760508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       760508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1047652693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047652693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1047652693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047652693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113718.464588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113718.464588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84500.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84500.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113689.928703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113689.928703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113689.928703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113689.928703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.282942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1076049768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2073313.618497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.282942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1381941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1381941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1381941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1381941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1381941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8191494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8191494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8191494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8191494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8191494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8191494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1381986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1381986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1381986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182033.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182033.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182033.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182033.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182033.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182033.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6801605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6801605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6801605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6801605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6801605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6801605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183827.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183827.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183827.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183827.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183827.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183827.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6109                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              170146488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             26731.577062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.555439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.444561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.888888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.111112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       968546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        968546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       820853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       820853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1789399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1789399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1789399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1789399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2726219337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2726219337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31610993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31610993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2757830330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2757830330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2757830330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2757830330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       989410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       821121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1810531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1810531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1810531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1810531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130666.187548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130666.187548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117951.466418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117951.466418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130504.937062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130504.937062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130504.937062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130504.937062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            2053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    646217110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646217110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1377613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1377613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    647594723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    647594723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    647594723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    647594723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106093.762929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.762929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76534.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76534.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106006.666066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106006.666066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106006.666066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106006.666066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.425234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1076050216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2081335.040619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.425234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.047156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1382389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1382389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1382389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1382389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1382389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1382389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7686294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7686294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7686294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7686294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7686294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7686294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1382432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1382432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1382432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1382432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1382432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1382432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178751.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178751.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178751.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178751.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178751.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178751.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6527903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6527903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6527903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6527903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6527903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6527903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 186511.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186511.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 186511.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186511.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 186511.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186511.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              170149695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26685.962202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.560167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.439833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       970473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       822122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1792595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1792595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1792595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1792595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        21025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        21025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2725333131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2725333131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31031859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31031859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2756364990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2756364990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2756364990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2756364990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       991231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1813620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1813620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1813620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1813620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.020942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131290.737595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131290.737595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116224.191011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116224.191011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131099.404994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131099.404994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131099.404994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131099.404994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    646725627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646725627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1219496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1219496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    647945123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    647945123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    647945123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    647945123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105985.845133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105985.845133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67749.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67749.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105873.386111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105873.386111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105873.386111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105873.386111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              573.078862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1108892546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1915185.744387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.827406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.251455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1365228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1365228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8258604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8258604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8258604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8258604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8258604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8258604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175714.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175714.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175714.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175714.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175714.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175714.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6446747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6446747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6446747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179076.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179076.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179076.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179076.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179076.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179076.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 9229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              440734911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 9485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             46466.516711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.167269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.832731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3572142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1955451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5527593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5527593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        32861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        32861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3994472863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3994472863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2892655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2892655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3997365518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3997365518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3997365518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3997365518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3604973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1955481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5560454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5560454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121667.718406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121667.718406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96421.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96421.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121644.670521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121644.670521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121644.670521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121644.670521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1042154362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042154362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       745281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       745281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1042899643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042899643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1042899643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042899643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113019.668366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113019.668366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        82809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112990.210509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112990.210509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112990.210509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112990.210509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              487.421521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1077534652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2190111.081301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.421521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1410638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1410638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1410638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1410638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1410638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9087043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9087043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9087043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9087043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9087043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9087043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1410686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1410686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1410686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189313.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189313.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189313.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189313.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189313.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189313.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7080604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7080604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7080604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7080604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7080604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7080604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191367.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191367.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191367.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191367.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191367.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191367.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              160313265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35912.469758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.099778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    34.900222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.863671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.136329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1123538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       834235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1957773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1957773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        10856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        10856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1197704546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1197704546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7076657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7076657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1204781203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1204781203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1204781203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1204781203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1134309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       834320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2149                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2149                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1968629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1968629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111197.154025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111197.154025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83254.788235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83254.788235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110978.371684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110978.371684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110978.371684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110978.371684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    430188784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430188784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1333970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1333970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    431522754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    431522754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    431522754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    431522754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102645.856359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102645.856359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78468.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78468.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102548.182985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102548.182985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102548.182985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102548.182985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
